# BuildCraft 
version:1.6
modname:BuildCraft|Builders

var:filteredBuffer.id=0,item_pipeItemsObsidian.id=0,drill.id=0,item_pipeItemsEmerald.id=0,pipe.id=0,item_pipeItemsStone.id=0,item_pipeItemsCobblestone.id=0,item_pipePowerGold.id=0,springBlock.id=0,oil.id=0
var:item_pipeItemsGold.id=0,miningWell.id=0,item_pipeItemsDiamond.id=0,item_pipeItemsEmzuli.id=0,floodGate.id=0,marker.id=0,item_pipePowerStone.id=0,autoWorkbench.id=0,item_pipeFluidsVoid.id=0,quarry.id=0
var:engine.id=0,frame.id=0,item_pipeItemsIron.id=0,pump.id=0,item_pipeItemsSandstone.id=0,item_pipeItemsVoid.id=0,item_pipeFluidsSandstone.id=0,fuel.id=0,item_pipeFluidsWood.id=0,item_pipeStructureCobblestone.id=0
var:blueprintLibrary.id=0,architect.id=0,item_pipeFluidsStone.id=0,item_pipePowerDiamond.id=0,pathMarker.id=0,item_pipeFluidsEmerald.id=0,item_pipeItemsDaizuli.id=0,item_pipePowerIron.id=0,item_pipePowerWood.id=0,item_pipePowerQuartz.id=0
var:item_pipePowerCobblestone.id=0,hopper.id=0,item_pipeItemsWood.id=0,item_pipeFluidsCobblestone.id=0,laser.id=0,filler.id=0,refinery.id=0,tank.id=0,item_pipeFluidsIron.id=0,builder.id=0
var:item_pipeItemsLapis.id=0,item_pipeFluidsGold.id=0,assemblyTable.id=0,item_pipeItemsQuartz.id=0

cfgfile:config/buildcraft/main.conf


texturepath:assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/
texture:id=buildcraft/advworkbenchtable_bottom,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/advworkbenchtable_bottom.png
texture:id=buildcraft/advworkbenchtable_side,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/advworkbenchtable_side.png
texture:id=buildcraft/advworkbenchtable_top,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/advworkbenchtable_top.png
texture:id=buildcraft/architect_front,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/architect_front.png
texture:id=buildcraft/architect_sides,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/architect_sides.png
texture:id=buildcraft/architect_top,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/architect_top.png
texture:id=buildcraft/assemblytable_bottom,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/assemblytable_bottom.png
texture:id=buildcraft/assemblytable_side,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/assemblytable_side.png
texture:id=buildcraft/assemblytable_top,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/assemblytable_top.png
texture:id=buildcraft/autoWorkbench_side,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/autoWorkbench_side.png
texture:id=buildcraft/autoWorkbench_top,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/autoWorkbench_top.png
texture:id=buildcraft/blockFillerSides,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/blockFillerSides.png
texture:id=buildcraft/blockFillerTopOn,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/blockFillerTopOn.png
texture:id=buildcraft/blockFrame,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/blockFrame.png
texture:id=buildcraft/blockMarker,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/blockMarker.png
texture:id=buildcraft/blockPathMarker,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/blockPathMarker.png
texture:id=buildcraft/blockPlainPipe,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/blockPlainPipe.png
texture:id=buildcraft/builder_front,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/builder_front.png
texture:id=buildcraft/builder_side,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/builder_side.png
texture:id=buildcraft/builder_top,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/builder_top.png

texture:id=buildcraft/engineWoodBottom,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/engineWoodBottom.png
texture:id=buildcraft/engineWoodSide,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/engineWoodSide.png
texture:id=buildcraft/engineWoodTop,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/engineWoodTop.png
texture:id=buildcraft/engineStoneBottom,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/engineStoneBottom.png
texture:id=buildcraft/engineStoneSide,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/engineStoneSide.png
texture:id=buildcraft/engineStoneTop,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/engineStoneTop.png
texture:id=buildcraft/engineIronBottom,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/engineIronBottom.png
texture:id=buildcraft/engineIronSide,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/engineIronSide.png
texture:id=buildcraft/engineIronTop,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/engineIronTop.png
texture:id=buildcraft/trunk_green,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/trunk_green.png

texture:id=buildcraft/filteredBuffer_all,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/filteredBuffer_all.png
texture:id=buildcraft/floodgate_bottom,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/floodgate_bottom.png
texture:id=buildcraft/floodgate_side,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/floodgate_side.png
texture:id=buildcraft/floodgate_top,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/floodgate_top.png
texture:id=buildcraft/fuel_flow,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/fuel_flow.png
texture:id=buildcraft/fuel_still,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/fuel_still.png
texture:id=buildcraft/hopperBottom,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/hopperBottom.png
texture:id=buildcraft/laser_bottom,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/laser_bottom.png
texture:id=buildcraft/laser_side,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/laser_side.png
texture:id=buildcraft/laser_top,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/laser_top.png
texture:id=buildcraft/library_side,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/library_side.png
texture:id=buildcraft/library_topbottom,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/library_topbottom.png
texture:id=buildcraft/miningwell_back,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/miningwell_back.png
texture:id=buildcraft/miningwell_front,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/miningwell_front.png
texture:id=buildcraft/miningwell_side,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/miningwell_side.png
texture:id=buildcraft/miningwell_top,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/miningwell_top.png
texture:id=buildcraft/oil_flow,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/oil_flow.png
texture:id=buildcraft/oil_still,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/oil_still.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipeFluidsCobblestone,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipeFluidsCobblestone.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipeFluidsEmerald_standard,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipeFluidsEmerald_standard.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipeFluidsGold,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipeFluidsGold.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipeFluidsIron_standard,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipeFluidsIron_standard.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipeFluidsSandstone,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipeFluidsSandstone.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipeFluidsStone,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipeFluidsStone.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipeFluidsVoid,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipeFluidsVoid.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipeFluidsWood_standard,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipeFluidsWood_standard.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipeItemsCobblestone,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipeItemsCobblestone.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipeItemsDaizuli_black,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipeItemsDaizuli_black.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipeItemsDiamond_center,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipeItemsDiamond_center.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipeItemsEmerald_standard,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipeItemsEmerald_standard.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipeItemsEmzuli_standard,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipeItemsEmzuli_standard.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipeItemsGold,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipeItemsGold.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipeItemsIron_standard,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipeItemsIron_standard.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipeItemsLapis_black,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipeItemsLapis_black.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipeItemsObsidian,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipeItemsObsidian.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipeItemsQuartz,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipeItemsQuartz.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipeItemsSandstone,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipeItemsSandstone.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipeItemsStone,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipeItemsStone.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipeItemsVoid,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipeItemsVoid.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipeItemsWood_standard,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipeItemsWood_standard.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipePowerCobblestone,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipePowerCobblestone.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipePowerDiamond,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipePowerDiamond.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipePowerGold,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipePowerGold.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipePowerIronM128,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipePowerIronM128.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipePowerQuartz,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipePowerQuartz.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipePowerStone,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipePowerStone.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipePowerWood_standard,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipePowerWood_standard.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipeStripes,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipeStripes.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pipeStructureCobblestone,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pipeStructureCobblestone.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pump_bottom,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pump_bottom.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pump_side,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pump_side.png
texture:id=buildcraft/pump_top,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/pump_top.png
texture:id=buildcraft/quarry_front,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/quarry_front.png
texture:id=buildcraft/quarry_side,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/quarry_side.png
texture:id=buildcraft/quarry_top,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/quarry_top.png
texture:id=buildcraft/refineryBack,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/refineryBack.png
texture:id=buildcraft/tank_bottom_side,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/tank_bottom_side.png
texture:id=buildcraft/tank_top,filename=assets/buildcraft/textures/blocks/tank_top.png
texture:id=minecraft/bedrock,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/bedrock.png



# miningWell.id:* (miningWellBlock), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=buildcraft.factory.BlockMiningWell
block:id=miningWell.id,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/miningwell_back,face1=0:buildcraft/miningwell_top,face2=0:buildcraft/miningwell_side,face3=0:buildcraft/miningwell_front,face4-5=0:buildcraft/miningwell_side
block:id=miningWell.id,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/miningwell_back,face1=0:buildcraft/miningwell_top,face2-5=0:buildcraft/miningwell_side
block:id=miningWell.id,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/miningwell_back,face1=0:buildcraft/miningwell_top,face2=0:buildcraft/miningwell_front,face3=0:buildcraft/miningwell_back,face4-5=0:buildcraft/miningwell_side
block:id=miningWell.id,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/miningwell_back,face1=0:buildcraft/miningwell_top,face2=0:buildcraft/miningwell_back,face3=0:buildcraft/miningwell_front,face4-5=0:buildcraft/miningwell_side
block:id=miningWell.id,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/miningwell_back,face1=0:buildcraft/miningwell_top,face2-3=0:buildcraft/miningwell_side,face4=0:buildcraft/miningwell_front,face5=0:buildcraft/miningwell_back
block:id=miningWell.id,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/miningwell_back,face1=0:buildcraft/miningwell_top,face2-3=0:buildcraft/miningwell_side,face4=0:buildcraft/miningwell_back,face5=0:buildcraft/miningwell_front
block:id=miningWell.id,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/miningwell_back,face1=0:buildcraft/miningwell_top,face2-5=0:buildcraft/miningwell_side

# drill.id:* (plainPipeBlock), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=buildcraft.factory.BlockPlainPipe
block:id=drill.id,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:buildcraft/blockPlainPipe

# autoWorkbench.id:* (autoWorkbenchBlock), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=buildcraft.factory.BlockAutoWorkbench
block:id=autoWorkbench.id,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:buildcraft/autoWorkbench_top,face2-5=0:buildcraft/autoWorkbench_side

# quarry.id:* (machineBlock), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=buildcraft.factory.BlockQuarry
block:id=quarry.id,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/quarry_side,face1=0:buildcraft/quarry_top,face2=0:buildcraft/quarry_side,face3=0:buildcraft/quarry_front,face4-5=0:buildcraft/quarry_side
block:id=quarry.id,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/quarry_side,face1=0:buildcraft/quarry_top,face2-5=0:buildcraft/quarry_side
block:id=quarry.id,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/quarry_side,face1=0:buildcraft/quarry_top,face2=0:buildcraft/quarry_front,face3-5=0:buildcraft/quarry_side
block:id=quarry.id,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/quarry_side,face1=0:buildcraft/quarry_top,face2=0:buildcraft/quarry_side,face3=0:buildcraft/quarry_front,face4-5=0:buildcraft/quarry_side
block:id=quarry.id,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/quarry_side,face1=0:buildcraft/quarry_top,face2-3=0:buildcraft/quarry_side,face4=0:buildcraft/quarry_front,face5=0:buildcraft/quarry_side
block:id=quarry.id,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/quarry_side,face1=0:buildcraft/quarry_top,face2-4=0:buildcraft/quarry_side,face5=0:buildcraft/quarry_front
block:id=quarry.id,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/quarry_side,face1=0:buildcraft/quarry_top,face2-5=0:buildcraft/quarry_side

# marker.id:* (markerBlock), render=73(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=buildcraft.builders.BlockMarker
block:id=marker.id,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:buildcraft/blockMarker

# filler.id:* (fillerBlock), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=buildcraft.builders.BlockFiller
block:id=filler.id,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:buildcraft/blockFillerTopOn,face2-5=0:buildcraft/blockFillerSides

# builder.id:* (builderBlock), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=buildcraft.builders.BlockBuilder
block:id=builder.id,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/builder_front,face1=0:buildcraft/builder_top,face2=0:buildcraft/builder_side,face3=0:buildcraft/builder_front,face4-5=0:buildcraft/builder_side
block:id=builder.id,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/builder_side,face1=0:buildcraft/builder_front,face2-5=0:buildcraft/builder_side
block:id=builder.id,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/builder_side,face1=0:buildcraft/builder_top,face2=0:buildcraft/builder_front,face3-5=0:buildcraft/builder_side
block:id=builder.id,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/builder_side,face1=0:buildcraft/builder_top,face2=0:buildcraft/builder_side,face3=0:buildcraft/builder_front,face4-5=0:buildcraft/builder_side
block:id=builder.id,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/builder_side,face1=0:buildcraft/builder_top,face2-3=0:buildcraft/builder_side,face4=0:buildcraft/builder_front,face5=0:buildcraft/builder_side
block:id=builder.id,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/builder_side,face1=0:buildcraft/builder_top,face2-4=0:buildcraft/builder_side,face5=0:buildcraft/builder_front
block:id=builder.id,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/builder_side,face1=0:buildcraft/builder_top,face2-5=0:buildcraft/builder_side

# architect.id:* (architectBlock), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=buildcraft.builders.BlockArchitect
block:id=architect.id,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/architect_front,face1=0:buildcraft/architect_top,face2=0:buildcraft/architect_sides,face3=0:buildcraft/architect_front,face4-5=0:buildcraft/architect_sides
block:id=architect.id,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/architect_sides,face1=0:buildcraft/architect_top,face2-5=0:buildcraft/architect_sides
block:id=architect.id,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/architect_sides,face1=0:buildcraft/architect_top,face2=0:buildcraft/architect_front,face3-5=0:buildcraft/architect_sides
block:id=architect.id,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/architect_sides,face1=0:buildcraft/architect_top,face2=0:buildcraft/architect_sides,face3=0:buildcraft/architect_front,face4-5=0:buildcraft/architect_sides
block:id=architect.id,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/architect_sides,face1=0:buildcraft/architect_top,face2-3=0:buildcraft/architect_sides,face4=0:buildcraft/architect_front,face5=0:buildcraft/architect_sides
block:id=architect.id,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/architect_sides,face1=0:buildcraft/architect_top,face2-4=0:buildcraft/architect_sides,face5=0:buildcraft/architect_front
block:id=architect.id,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/architect_sides,face1=0:buildcraft/architect_top,face2-5=0:buildcraft/architect_sides

# frame.id:* (frameBlock), render=72(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=buildcraft.factory.BlockFrame
block:id=frame.id,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:buildcraft/blockFrame

# engine.id:* (engineBlock), render=133(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=buildcraft.energy.BlockEngine
block:id=engine.id,data=0,patch0=0:buildcraft/engineWoodBottom,patch1=0:buildcraft/engineWoodTop,patch2-9=0:buildcraft/engineWoodSide,patch10-14=0:buildcraft/trunk_green,transparency=TRANSPARENT
block:id=engine.id,data=1,patch0=0:buildcraft/engineStoneBottom,patch1=0:buildcraft/engineStoneTop,patch2-9=0:buildcraft/engineStoneSide,patch10-14=0:buildcraft/trunk_green,transparency=TRANSPARENT
block:id=engine.id,data=2,patch0=0:buildcraft/engineIronBottom,patch1=0:buildcraft/engineIronTop,patch2-9=0:buildcraft/engineIronSide,patch10-14=0:buildcraft/trunk_green,transparency=TRANSPARENT

# pump.id:* (pumpBlock), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=buildcraft.factory.BlockPump
block:id=pump.id,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/pump_bottom,face1=0:buildcraft/pump_top,face2-5=0:buildcraft/pump_side

# tank.id:* (tankBlock), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=buildcraft.factory.BlockTank
block:id=tank.id,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:buildcraft/tank_top,face2-5=0:buildcraft/tank_bottom_side

# refinery.id:* (refineryBlock), render=71(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=buildcraft.factory.BlockRefinery
block:id=refinery.id,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:buildcraft/refineryBack

# blueprintLibrary.id:* (libraryBlock), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=buildcraft.builders.BlockBlueprintLibrary
block:id=blueprintLibrary.id,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:buildcraft/library_topbottom,face2-5=0:buildcraft/library_side

# laser.id:* (laserBlock), render=76(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=buildcraft.silicon.BlockLaser
block:id=laser.id,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:buildcraft/laser_top,face1=0:buildcraft/laser_bottom,face2-5=0:buildcraft/laser_side
block:id=laser.id,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:buildcraft/laser_bottom,face1=0:buildcraft/laser_top,face2-5=0:buildcraft/laser_side
block:id=laser.id,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:buildcraft/laser_side,face2=0:buildcraft/laser_top,face3=0:buildcraft/laser_bottom,face4-5=0:buildcraft/laser_side
block:id=laser.id,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:buildcraft/laser_side,face2=0:buildcraft/laser_bottom,face3=0:buildcraft/laser_top,face4-5=0:buildcraft/laser_side
block:id=laser.id,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:buildcraft/laser_side,face4=0:buildcraft/laser_top,face5=0:buildcraft/laser_bottom
block:id=laser.id,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:buildcraft/laser_side,face4=0:buildcraft/laser_bottom,face5=0:buildcraft/laser_top
block:id=laser.id,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:buildcraft/laser_side

# assemblyTable.id:* (null), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=buildcraft.silicon.BlockLaserTable
block:id=assemblyTable.id,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:buildcraft/assemblytable_bottom,face1=0:buildcraft/assemblytable_top,face2-5=0:buildcraft/assemblytable_side
block:id=assemblyTable.id,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:buildcraft/advworkbenchtable_bottom,face1=0:buildcraft/advworkbenchtable_top,face2-5=0:buildcraft/advworkbenchtable_side

# pathMarker.id:* (pathMarkerBlock), render=73(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=buildcraft.builders.BlockPathMarker
block:id=pathMarker.id,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:buildcraft/blockPathMarker

# hopper.id:* (blockHopper), render=71(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=buildcraft.factory.BlockHopper
block:id=hopper.id,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:buildcraft/hopperBottom

# oil.id:* (blockOil), render=40(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=buildcraft.energy.BlockBuildcraftFluid
block:id=oil.id,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:buildcraft/oil_still,face2-5=0:buildcraft/oil_flow

# springBlock.id:* (eternalSpring), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=buildcraft.core.BlockSpring
block:id=springBlock.id,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/bedrock

# filteredBuffer.id:* (filteredBufferBlock), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=buildcraft.transport.BlockFilteredBuffer
block:id=filteredBuffer.id,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:buildcraft/filteredBuffer_all

# floodGate.id:* (floodGateBlock), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=buildcraft.factory.BlockFloodGate
block:id=floodGate.id,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:buildcraft/floodgate_bottom,face1=0:buildcraft/floodgate_top,face2-5=0:buildcraft/floodgate_side

# fuel.id:* (blockFuel), render=40(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=buildcraft.energy.BlockBuildcraftFluid
block:id=fuel.id,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:buildcraft/fuel_still,face2-5=0:buildcraft/fuel_flow

# pipe.id:* (pipeBlock), render=137(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=logisticspipes.pipes.basic.LogisticsBlockGenericPipe
block:id=pipe.id,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:buildcraft/pipeStripes
texturemap:mapid=PIPES,id=pipe.id,data=*,transparency=TRANSPARENT

# BuildCraft pipes
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:item_pipeItemsWood.id=0:buildcraft/pipeItemsWood_standard
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:item_pipeItemsCobblestone.id=0:buildcraft/pipeItemsCobblestone
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:item_pipeItemsStone.id=0:buildcraft/pipeItemsStone
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:item_pipeItemsIron.id=0:buildcraft/pipeItemsIron_standard
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:item_pipeItemsGold.id=0:buildcraft/pipeItemsGold
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:item_pipeItemsDiamond.id=0:buildcraft/pipeItemsDiamond_center
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:item_pipeItemsObsidian.id=0:buildcraft/pipeItemsObsidian
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:item_pipeItemsEmerald.id=0:buildcraft/pipeItemsEmerald_standard
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:item_pipeItemsQuartz.id=0:buildcraft/pipeItemsQuartz
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:item_pipeItemsLapis.id=0:buildcraft/pipeItemsLapis_black
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:item_pipeItemsDaizuli.id=0:buildcraft/pipeItemsDaizuli_black
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:item_pipeItemsEmzuli.id=0:buildcraft/pipeItemsEmzuli_standard
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:item_pipeFluidsWood.id=0:buildcraft/pipeFluidsWood_standard
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:item_pipeFluidsCobblestone.id=0:buildcraft/pipeFluidsCobblestone
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:item_pipeFluidsStone.id=0:buildcraft/pipeFluidsStone
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:item_pipeFluidsIron.id=0:buildcraft/pipeFluidsIron_standard
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:item_pipeFluidsGold.id=0:buildcraft/pipeFluidsGold
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:item_pipeFluidsEmerald.id=0:buildcraft/pipeFluidsEmerald_standard
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:item_pipePowerWood.id=0:buildcraft/pipePowerWood_standard
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:item_pipePowerCobblestone.id=0:buildcraft/pipePowerCobblestone
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:item_pipePowerStone.id=0:buildcraft/pipePowerStone
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:item_pipePowerIron.id=0:buildcraft/pipePowerIronM128
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:item_pipePowerGold.id=0:buildcraft/pipePowerGold
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:item_pipePowerDiamond.id=0:buildcraft/pipePowerDiamond
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:item_pipePowerQuartz.id=0:buildcraft/pipePowerQuartz
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:item_pipeItemsVoid.id=0:buildcraft/pipeItemsVoid
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:item_pipeFluidsVoid.id=0:buildcraft/pipeFluidsVoid
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:item_pipeItemsSandstone.id=0:buildcraft/pipeItemsSandstone
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:item_pipeFluidsSandstone.id=0:buildcraft/pipeFluidsSandstone
addtotexturemap:mapid=PIPES,key:item_pipeStructureCobblestone.id=0:buildcraft/pipeStructureCobblestone

