# Natura 2.1.14
version:1.6
modname:Natura

var:Amaranth_Fence_Gate=0,Powered_Blaze_Rail=0,Hopseed_Stairs=0,Netherrack_Furnace=0,Sakura_Fence_Gate=0,Ghostwood_Fence_Gate=0,Crops=0,Sakura_Pressure_Plate=0,Fusewood_Trapdoor=0,Planks_Block=0
var:Hopseed_Button=0,Silverbell_Button=0,Willow_Log=0,Respawn_Obelisk=0,Darkwood_Pressure_Plate=0,Netherrack_Pressure_Plate=0,Ghostwood_Pressure_Plate=0,Bloodwood_Trapdoor=0,Maple_Trapdoor=0,Flora_Leaves=0
var:Berry_Bush=0,Fusewood_Pressure_Plate=0,Bloodwood_Button=0,Bloodwood_Pressure_Plate=0,Eucalyptus_Door=0,Darkwood_Stairs=0,Detector_Blaze_Rail=0,Rare_Log=0,Willow_Pressure_Plate=0,Redwood_Trapdoor=0
var:Redwood_Fence_Gate=0,Bloodwood_Door=0,Hopseed_Trapdoor=0,Plank_Slab_One=0,Eucalyputus_Pressure_Plate=0,Amaranth_Pressure_Plate=0,Eucalyputus_Stairs=0,Maple_Fence_Gate=0,Tigerwood_Trapdoor=0,Darkwood_Button=0
var:Glowing_Mushroom=0,terrain/Tainted_Soil=0,Thornvines=0,Tigerwood_Button=0,Redwood_Door=0,Amaranth_Stairs=0,Willow_Stairs=0,Bloodwood_Block=0,Plank_Slab_Two=0,Nether_Lever=0
var:Blaze_Rail=0,Purple_Glowshroom=0,Maple_Button=0,Amaranth_Trapdoor=0,Hopseed_Fence_Gate=0,Fence=0,Redwood_Pressure_Plate=0,Redwood_Button=0,Sakura_Door=0,Amaranth_Button=0
var:Silverbell_Pressure_Plate=0,Willow_Button=0,Tigerwood_Fence_Gate=0,Green_Glowshroom=0,Eucalyputus_Button=0,Fusewood_Button=0,Redwood_Bark_Door=0,Wood_Block=0,Maple_Stairs=0,Ghostwood_Trapdoor=0
var:Topiary_Grass_Slab=0,Ghostwood_Door=0,Maple_Pressure_Plate=0,Activator_Blaze_Rail=0,Sakura_Trapdoor=0,Sapling=0,Cloud_Block=0,Silverbell_Trapdoor=0,Fusewood_Fence_Gate=0,Hopseed_Door=0
var:Saguaro_Cactus=0,Tigerwood_Pressure_Plate=0,Darkwood_Fence_Gate=0,terrain/Heat_Sand=0,Tigerwood_Stairs=0,Netherrack_Button=0,Sakura_Leaves=0,Bloodwood_Stairs=0,Bloodwood_Fence_Gate=0,Willow_Trapdoor=0
var:Flower=0,Rare_Sapling=0,Fusewood_Stairs=0,Silverbell_Fence_Gate=0,Hopseed_Pressure_Plate=0,Bookshelf=0,Darkwood_Leaves=0,Eucalyputus_Trapdoor=0,Rare_Leaves=0,Redwood_Block=0
var:Darkwood_Log=0,Sakura_Button=0,Ghostwood_Button=0,Topiary_Grass_Block=0,Blue_Glowshroom=0,Ghostwood_Stairs=0,Silverbell_Stairs=0,Darkwood_Trapdoor=0,Blaze_Hopper=0,Sakura_Stairs=0
var:Nether_Berry_Bush=0,Crafting_Table=0,Redwood_Stairs=0,Eucalyputus_Fence_Gate=0,Nether_Glass=0,Willow_Fence_Gate=0

cfgfile:config/Natura.txt


texturepath:assets/natura/textures/blocks/
texture:id=natura/maple_workbench_top,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/maple_workbench_top.png
texture:id=natura/geoberry_ripe_fast,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/geoberry_ripe_fast.png
texture:id=natura/mushroom_stem_purple,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/mushroom_stem_purple.png
texture:id=natura/tiger_bookshelf,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/tiger_bookshelf.png
texture:id=natura/sakura_door_bottom,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/sakura_door_bottom.png
texture:id=natura/bloodwood_lower_right,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/bloodwood_lower_right.png
texture:id=natura/willow_workbench_side,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/willow_workbench_side.png
texture:id=natura/bloodwood_door_top,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/bloodwood_door_top.png
texture:id=natura/fusewood_workbench_side,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/fusewood_workbench_side.png
texture:id=natura/bloodwood_bookshelf,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/bloodwood_bookshelf.png
texture:id=natura/tiger_sapling,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/tiger_sapling.png
texture:id=natura/purpleheart_workbench_side,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/purpleheart_workbench_side.png
texture:id=natura/tiger_workbench_top,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/tiger_workbench_top.png
texture:id=natura/fusewood_heart,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/fusewood_heart.png
texture:id=natura/maple_workbench_side,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/maple_workbench_side.png
texture:id=natura/tiger_heart,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/tiger_heart.png
texture:id=natura/nfurnace_top,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/nfurnace_top.png
texture:id=natura/darkwood_trapdoor,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/darkwood_trapdoor.png
texture:id=natura/ghostwood_trapdoor,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/ghostwood_trapdoor.png
texture:id=natura/silverbell_bark,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/silverbell_bark.png
texture:id=natura/sakura_leaves_fast,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/sakura_leaves_fast.png
texture:id=natura/maple_planks,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/maple_planks.png
texture:id=natura/darkwood_heart,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/darkwood_heart.png
texture:id=natura/hopseed_workbench_face,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/hopseed_workbench_face.png
texture:id=natura/mushroom_skin_green,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/mushroom_skin_green.png
texture:id=natura/cloud_dark,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/cloud_dark.png
texture:id=natura/ghostwood_planks,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/ghostwood_planks.png
texture:id=natura/ghostwood_leaves_fast,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/ghostwood_leaves_fast.png
texture:id=natura/geoberry_fast,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/geoberry_fast.png
texture:id=natura/darkwood_workbench_side,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/darkwood_workbench_side.png
texture:id=natura/cloud_white,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/cloud_white.png
texture:id=natura/bloodwood_workbench_top,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/bloodwood_workbench_top.png
texture:id=natura/tiger_workbench_side,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/tiger_workbench_side.png
texture:id=natura/brail_detector,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/brail_detector.png
texture:id=natura/ghostwood_sapling,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/ghostwood_sapling.png
texture:id=natura/tiger_leaves_fast,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/tiger_leaves_fast.png
texture:id=natura/cotton_1,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/cotton_1.png
texture:id=natura/willow_workbench_face,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/willow_workbench_face.png
texture:id=natura/cotton_2,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/cotton_2.png
texture:id=natura/cotton_3,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/cotton_3.png
texture:id=natura/redwood_leaves_fast,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/redwood_leaves_fast.png
texture:id=natura/cotton_4,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/cotton_4.png
texture:id=natura/cotton_5,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/cotton_5.png
texture:id=natura/willow_workbench_top,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/willow_workbench_top.png
texture:id=natura/darkwood_bookshelf,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/darkwood_bookshelf.png
texture:id=natura/eucalyptus_door_bottom,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/eucalyptus_door_bottom.png
texture:id=natura/purpleheart_workbench_top,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/purpleheart_workbench_top.png
texture:id=natura/brail_golden,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/brail_golden.png
texture:id=natura/bloodwood_upper_left,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/bloodwood_upper_left.png
texture:id=natura/tainted_soil,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/tainted_soil.png
texture:id=natura/eucalyptus_workbench_top,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/eucalyptus_workbench_top.png
texture:id=natura/eucalyptus_workbench_side,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/eucalyptus_workbench_side.png
texture:id=natura/blueberry_fast,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/blueberry_fast.png
texture:id=natura/stingberry_ripe_fast,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/stingberry_ripe_fast.png
texture:id=natura/raspberry_fast,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/raspberry_fast.png
texture:id=natura/brail_activator_powered,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/brail_activator_powered.png
texture:id=natura/skyberry_ripe_fast,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/skyberry_ripe_fast.png
texture:id=natura/bloodwood_trapdoor,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/bloodwood_trapdoor.png
texture:id=natura/sakura_trapdoor,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/sakura_trapdoor.png
texture:id=natura/willow_bark,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/willow_bark.png
texture:id=natura/brail_activator,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/brail_activator.png
texture:id=natura/brail_normal_turned,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/brail_normal_turned.png
texture:id=natura/redwood_bark,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/redwood_bark.png
texture:id=natura/bloodwood_workbench_face,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/bloodwood_workbench_face.png
texture:id=natura/blightberry_ripe_fast,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/blightberry_ripe_fast.png
texture:id=natura/mushroom_stem_blue,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/mushroom_stem_blue.png
texture:id=natura/silverbell_planks,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/silverbell_planks.png
texture:id=natura/heatsand,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/heatsand.png
texture:id=natura/redwoodbark_door_bottom,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/redwoodbark_door_bottom.png
texture:id=natura/mushroom_inside_green,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/mushroom_inside_green.png
texture:id=natura/stingberry_fast,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/stingberry_fast.png
texture:id=natura/fusewood_workbench_face,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/fusewood_workbench_face.png
texture:id=natura/hopseed_door_bottom,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/hopseed_door_bottom.png
texture:id=natura/ghostwood_door_top,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/ghostwood_door_top.png
texture:id=natura/hopseed_workbench_side,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/hopseed_workbench_side.png
texture:id=natura/tiger_planks,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/tiger_planks.png
texture:id=natura/hopseed_door_top,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/hopseed_door_top.png
texture:id=natura/redwoodbark_door_top,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/redwoodbark_door_top.png
texture:id=natura/bloodwood_leaves_fast,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/bloodwood_leaves_fast.png
texture:id=natura/ghostwood_workbench_side,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/ghostwood_workbench_side.png
texture:id=natura/purpleheart_trapdoor,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/purpleheart_trapdoor.png
texture:id=natura/willow_trapdoor,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/willow_trapdoor.png
texture:id=natura/silverbell_heart,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/silverbell_heart.png
texture:id=natura/fusewood_sapling,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/fusewood_sapling.png
texture:id=natura/darkwood_sapling,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/darkwood_sapling.png
texture:id=natura/silverbell_trapdoor,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/silverbell_trapdoor.png
texture:id=natura/sakura_door_top,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/sakura_door_top.png
texture:id=natura/silverbell_workbench_face,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/silverbell_workbench_face.png
texture:id=natura/mushroom_skin_purple,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/mushroom_skin_purple.png
texture:id=natura/ghostwood_bark,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/ghostwood_bark.png
texture:id=natura/darkwood_workbench_face,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/darkwood_workbench_face.png
texture:id=natura/redwood_door_bottom,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/redwood_door_bottom.png
texture:id=natura/sakura_sapling,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/sakura_sapling.png
texture:id=natura/nhopper_top,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/nhopper_top.png
texture:id=natura/eucalyptus_bookshelf,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/eucalyptus_bookshelf.png
texture:id=natura/hopseed_sapling,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/hopseed_sapling.png
texture:id=natura/fusewood_leaves_fast,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/fusewood_leaves_fast.png
texture:id=natura/blightberry_fast,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/blightberry_fast.png
texture:id=minecraft/lava_still,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/lava_still.png
texture:id=natura/glass_heat_item,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/glass_heat_item.png
texture:id=natura/purpleheart_planks,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/purpleheart_planks.png
texture:id=natura/purpleheart_leaves_fast,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/purpleheart_leaves_fast.png
texture:id=natura/maple_sapling,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/maple_sapling.png
texture:id=natura/obelisk,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/obelisk.png
texture:id=natura/hopseed_bark,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/hopseed_bark.png
texture:id=natura/obelisk_active,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/obelisk_active.png
texture:id=natura/cloud_sulfur,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/cloud_sulfur.png
texture:id=natura/bloodwood_bark,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/bloodwood_bark.png
texture:id=natura/brail_detector_powered,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/brail_detector_powered.png
texture:id=natura/willow_sapling,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/willow_sapling.png
texture:id=natura/saguaro_side,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/saguaro_side.png
texture:id=natura/silverbell_leaves_fast,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/silverbell_leaves_fast.png
texture:id=natura/sakura_workbench_side,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/sakura_workbench_side.png
texture:id=natura/redwood_door_top,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/redwood_door_top.png
texture:id=natura/fusewood_bark,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/fusewood_bark.png
texture:id=natura/fusewood_trapdoor,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/fusewood_trapdoor.png
texture:id=natura/hopseed_bookshelf,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/hopseed_bookshelf.png
texture:id=natura/sakura_bark,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/sakura_bark.png
texture:id=natura/ghostwood_workbench_top,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/ghostwood_workbench_top.png
texture:id=natura/barley_1,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/barley_1.png
texture:id=natura/maple_workbench_face,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/maple_workbench_face.png
texture:id=natura/barley_4,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/barley_4.png
texture:id=natura/barley_3,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/barley_3.png
texture:id=natura/nhopper_outside,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/nhopper_outside.png
texture:id=natura/barley_2,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/barley_2.png
texture:id=natura/duskberry_ripe_fast,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/duskberry_ripe_fast.png
texture:id=natura/redwood_workbench_side,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/redwood_workbench_side.png
texture:id=natura/brail_golden_powered,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/brail_golden_powered.png
texture:id=natura/silverbell_sapling,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/silverbell_sapling.png
texture:id=natura/sakura_heart,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/sakura_heart.png
texture:id=natura/redwood_planks,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/redwood_planks.png
texture:id=natura/purpleheart_heart,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/purpleheart_heart.png
texture:id=natura/grass_top,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/grass_top.png
texture:id=natura/redwood_heart,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/redwood_heart.png
texture:id=natura/mushroom_inside_blue,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/mushroom_inside_blue.png
texture:id=natura/sakura_bookshelf,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/sakura_bookshelf.png
texture:id=natura/bloodwood_door_bottom,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/bloodwood_door_bottom.png
texture:id=natura/sakura_workbench_top,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/sakura_workbench_top.png
texture:id=natura/nfurnace_side,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/nfurnace_side.png
texture:id=natura/willow_leaves_fast,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/willow_leaves_fast.png
texture:id=natura/nfurnace_off,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/nfurnace_off.png
texture:id=natura/fusewood_planks,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/fusewood_planks.png
texture:id=natura/tiger_bark,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/tiger_bark.png
texture:id=natura/silverbell_workbench_top,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/silverbell_workbench_top.png
texture:id=natura/redwood_bookshelf,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/redwood_bookshelf.png
texture:id=natura/maple_leaves_fast,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/maple_leaves_fast.png
texture:id=natura/eucalyptus_trapdoor,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/eucalyptus_trapdoor.png
texture:id=natura/fusewood_workbench_top,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/fusewood_workbench_top.png
texture:id=natura/willow_planks,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/willow_planks.png
texture:id=natura/eucalyptus_door_top,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/eucalyptus_door_top.png
texture:id=natura/flower_bluebells,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/flower_bluebells.png
texture:id=natura/blackberry_ripe_fast,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/blackberry_ripe_fast.png
texture:id=natura/skyberry_fast,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/skyberry_fast.png
texture:id=natura/willow_bookshelf,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/willow_bookshelf.png
texture:id=natura/raspberry_ripe_fast,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/raspberry_ripe_fast.png
texture:id=natura/maple_trapdoor,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/maple_trapdoor.png
texture:id=natura/hopseed_leaves_fast,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/hopseed_leaves_fast.png
texture:id=natura/redwood_root,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/redwood_root.png
texture:id=natura/sakura_planks,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/sakura_planks.png
texture:id=natura/glass_soul_item,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/glass_soul_item.png
texture:id=natura/tiger_trapdoor,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/tiger_trapdoor.png
texture:id=natura/saguaro_top,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/saguaro_top.png
texture:id=natura/purpleheart_workbench_face,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/purpleheart_workbench_face.png
texture:id=natura/eucalyptus_workbench_face,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/eucalyptus_workbench_face.png
texture:id=natura/fusewood_bookshelf,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/fusewood_bookshelf.png
texture:id=natura/bloodwood_planks,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/bloodwood_planks.png
texture:id=natura/nlever,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/nlever.png
texture:id=natura/mushroom_inside_purple,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/mushroom_inside_purple.png
texture:id=natura/ghostwood_heart,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/ghostwood_heart.png
texture:id=natura/maple_bark,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/maple_bark.png
texture:id=natura/bloodwood_upper_right,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/bloodwood_upper_right.png
texture:id=natura/mushroom_blue,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/mushroom_blue.png
texture:id=natura/willow_heart,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/willow_heart.png
texture:id=natura/hopseed_heart,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/hopseed_heart.png
texture:id=natura/darkwood_planks,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/darkwood_planks.png
texture:id=natura/bloodwood_workbench_side,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/bloodwood_workbench_side.png
texture:id=natura/darkwood_fruit_leaves_fast,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/darkwood_fruit_leaves_fast.png
texture:id=natura/tiger_workbench_face,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/tiger_workbench_face.png
texture:id=natura/duskberry_fast,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/duskberry_fast.png
texture:id=natura/ghostwood_bookshelf,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/ghostwood_bookshelf.png
texture:id=natura/eucalyptus_sapling,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/eucalyptus_sapling.png
texture:id=natura/hopseed_trapdoor,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/hopseed_trapdoor.png
texture:id=natura/redwood_sapling,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/redwood_sapling.png
texture:id=natura/thornvine,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/thornvine.png
texture:id=natura/bloodwood_lower_left,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/bloodwood_lower_left.png
texture:id=natura/darkwood_bark,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/darkwood_bark.png
texture:id=natura/hopseed_workbench_top,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/hopseed_workbench_top.png
texture:id=natura/eucalyptus_planks,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/eucalyptus_planks.png
texture:id=natura/blackberry_fast,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/blackberry_fast.png
texture:id=natura/darkwood_workbench_top,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/darkwood_workbench_top.png
texture:id=natura/mushroom_stem_green,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/mushroom_stem_green.png
texture:id=minecraft/netherrack,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/netherrack.png
texture:id=natura/purpleheart_sapling,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/purpleheart_sapling.png
texture:id=natura/eucalyptus_heart,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/eucalyptus_heart.png
texture:id=natura/sakura_workbench_face,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/sakura_workbench_face.png
texture:id=natura/ghostwood_workbench_face,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/ghostwood_workbench_face.png
texture:id=natura/maple_bookshelf,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/maple_bookshelf.png
texture:id=natura/saguaro_bottom,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/saguaro_bottom.png
texture:id=natura/brail_normal,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/brail_normal.png
texture:id=natura/redwood_workbench_top,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/redwood_workbench_top.png
texture:id=natura/blueberry_ripe_fast,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/blueberry_ripe_fast.png
texture:id=natura/redwood_workbench_face,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/redwood_workbench_face.png
texture:id=natura/ghostwood_door_bottom,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/ghostwood_door_bottom.png
texture:id=natura/eucalyptus_leaves_fast,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/eucalyptus_leaves_fast.png
texture:id=natura/tainted_farmland_dry,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/tainted_farmland_dry.png
texture:id=natura/mushroom_green,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/mushroom_green.png
texture:id=natura/darkwood_flowering_leaves_fast,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/darkwood_flowering_leaves_fast.png
texture:id=natura/maple_heart,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/maple_heart.png
texture:id=natura/eucalyptus_bark,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/eucalyptus_bark.png
texture:id=natura/cloud_gray,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/cloud_gray.png
texture:id=natura/darkwood_leaves_fast,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/darkwood_leaves_fast.png
texture:id=natura/bloodwood_side_left,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/bloodwood_side_left.png
texture:id=natura/mushroom_skin_blue,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/mushroom_skin_blue.png
texture:id=natura/tainted_farmland_heated,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/tainted_farmland_heated.png
texture:id=natura/purpleheart_bookshelf,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/purpleheart_bookshelf.png
texture:id=natura/mushroom_purple,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/mushroom_purple.png
texture:id=natura/purpleheart_bark,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/purpleheart_bark.png
texture:id=natura/bloodwood_sapling,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/bloodwood_sapling.png
texture:id=natura/silverbell_workbench_side,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/silverbell_workbench_side.png
texture:id=natura/saguaro_fruit,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/saguaro_fruit.png
texture:id=natura/bloodwood_side_right,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/bloodwood_side_right.png
texture:id=natura/hopseed_planks,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/hopseed_planks.png
texture:id=natura/silverbell_bookshelf,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/silverbell_bookshelf.png
texture:id=natura/redwood_trapdoor,filename=assets/natura/textures/blocks/redwood_trapdoor.png


# terrain/Heat_Sand:* (heatsand), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.natura.blocks.nether.HeatSand
block:id=terrain/Heat_Sand,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/heatsand
# terrain/Tainted_Soil:* (soil.tainted), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.natura.blocks.nether.TaintedSoil
block:id=terrain/Tainted_Soil,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/tainted_soil
block:id=terrain/Tainted_Soil,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/tainted_farmland_dry
block:id=terrain/Tainted_Soil,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/tainted_farmland_heated
# Tigerwood_Stairs:* (stair.tiger), render=10(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NStairs
block:id=Tigerwood_Stairs,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/tiger_planks
# Wood_Block:* (tree), render=31(LOG), opaque=true,cls=mods.natura.blocks.trees.TreeBlock
block:id=Wood_Block,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:natura/eucalyptus_heart,face2-5=0:natura/eucalyptus_bark
block:id=Wood_Block,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:natura/sakura_heart,face2-5=0:natura/sakura_bark
block:id=Wood_Block,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:natura/ghostwood_heart,face2-5=0:natura/ghostwood_bark
block:id=Wood_Block,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:natura/hopseed_heart,face2-5=0:natura/hopseed_bark
block:id=Wood_Block,data=4,face0-1=0:natura/eucalyptus_bark,face2-3=4000:natura/eucalyptus_bark,face4-5=0:natura/eucalyptus_heart
block:id=Wood_Block,data=5,face0-1=0:natura/sakura_bark,face2-3=4000:natura/sakura_bark,face4-5=0:natura/sakura_heart
block:id=Wood_Block,data=6,face0-1=0:natura/ghostwood_bark,face2-3=4000:natura/ghostwood_bark,face4-5=0:natura/ghostwood_heart
block:id=Wood_Block,data=7,face0-1=0:natura/hopseed_bark,face2-3=4000:natura/hopseed_bark,face4-5=0:natura/hopseed_heart
block:id=Wood_Block,data=8,face0-1=4000:natura/eucalyptus_bark,face2-3=0:natura/eucalyptus_heart,face4-5=4000:natura/eucalyptus_bark
block:id=Wood_Block,data=9,face0-1=4000:natura/sakura_bark,face2-3=0:natura/sakura_heart,face4-5=4000:natura/sakura_bark
block:id=Wood_Block,data=10,face0-1=4000:natura/ghostwood_bark,face2-3=0:natura/ghostwood_heart,face4-5=4000:natura/ghostwood_bark
block:id=Wood_Block,data=11,face0-1=4000:natura/hopseed_bark,face2-3=0:natura/hopseed_heart,face4-5=4000:natura/hopseed_bark
block:id=Wood_Block,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/eucalyptus_bark
block:id=Wood_Block,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/sakura_bark
block:id=Wood_Block,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/ghostwood_bark
block:id=Wood_Block,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/hopseed_bark
# Redwood_Door:* (door.redwood), render=7(DOOR), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.trees.NDoor
block:id=Redwood_Door,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/redwood_door_top,patch1=0:natura/redwood_door_bottom
# Cloud_Block:* (Cloud), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.CloudBlock
block:id=Cloud_Block,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:natura/cloud_white
block:id=Cloud_Block,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:natura/cloud_gray
block:id=Cloud_Block,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:natura/cloud_dark
block:id=Cloud_Block,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:natura/cloud_sulfur
# Saguaro_Cactus:* (Saguaro), render=107(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.trees.SaguaroBlock
block:id=Saguaro_Cactus,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:natura/saguaro_bottom,face1=0:natura/saguaro_top,face2-5=0:natura/saguaro_side
block:id=Saguaro_Cactus,data=1,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/saguaro_top
block:id=Saguaro_Cactus,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/saguaro_fruit
# Nether_Berry_Bush:* (NetherBerryBush), render=106(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.crops.NetherBerryBush
block:id=Nether_Berry_Bush,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/blightberry_fast
block:id=Nether_Berry_Bush,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/duskberry_fast
block:id=Nether_Berry_Bush,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/skyberry_fast
block:id=Nether_Berry_Bush,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/stingberry_fast
block:id=Nether_Berry_Bush,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/blightberry_fast
block:id=Nether_Berry_Bush,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/duskberry_fast
block:id=Nether_Berry_Bush,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/skyberry_fast
block:id=Nether_Berry_Bush,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/stingberry_fast
block:id=Nether_Berry_Bush,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/blightberry_fast
block:id=Nether_Berry_Bush,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/duskberry_fast
block:id=Nether_Berry_Bush,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/skyberry_fast
block:id=Nether_Berry_Bush,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/stingberry_fast
block:id=Nether_Berry_Bush,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/blightberry_ripe_fast
block:id=Nether_Berry_Bush,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/duskberry_ripe_fast
block:id=Nether_Berry_Bush,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/skyberry_ripe_fast
block:id=Nether_Berry_Bush,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/stingberry_ripe_fast
# Sapling:* (florasapling), render=1(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.trees.NSaplingBlock
block:id=Sapling,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/redwood_sapling
block:id=Sapling,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/eucalyptus_sapling
block:id=Sapling,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/hopseed_sapling
block:id=Sapling,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/sakura_sapling
block:id=Sapling,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/ghostwood_sapling
block:id=Sapling,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/bloodwood_sapling
block:id=Sapling,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/darkwood_sapling
block:id=Sapling,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/fusewood_sapling
block:id=Sapling,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/redwood_sapling
block:id=Sapling,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/eucalyptus_sapling
block:id=Sapling,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/hopseed_sapling
block:id=Sapling,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/sakura_sapling
block:id=Sapling,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/ghostwood_sapling
block:id=Sapling,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/bloodwood_sapling
block:id=Sapling,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/darkwood_sapling
block:id=Sapling,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/fusewood_sapling
# Berry_Bush:* (BerryBush), render=106(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.crops.BerryBush
block:id=Berry_Bush,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/raspberry_fast
block:id=Berry_Bush,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/blueberry_fast
block:id=Berry_Bush,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/blackberry_fast
block:id=Berry_Bush,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/geoberry_fast
block:id=Berry_Bush,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/raspberry_fast
block:id=Berry_Bush,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/blueberry_fast
block:id=Berry_Bush,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/blackberry_fast
block:id=Berry_Bush,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/geoberry_fast
block:id=Berry_Bush,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/raspberry_fast
block:id=Berry_Bush,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/blueberry_fast
block:id=Berry_Bush,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/blackberry_fast
block:id=Berry_Bush,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/geoberry_fast
block:id=Berry_Bush,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/raspberry_ripe_fast
block:id=Berry_Bush,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/blueberry_ripe_fast
block:id=Berry_Bush,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/blackberry_ripe_fast
block:id=Berry_Bush,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/geoberry_ripe_fast
# Sakura_Leaves:* (floraleavesnocolor), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.natura.blocks.trees.NLeavesNocolor
block:id=Sakura_Leaves,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/sakura_leaves_fast
block:id=Sakura_Leaves,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/ghostwood_leaves_fast
block:id=Sakura_Leaves,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/bloodwood_leaves_fast
block:id=Sakura_Leaves,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/willow_leaves_fast
block:id=Sakura_Leaves,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/sakura_leaves_fast
block:id=Sakura_Leaves,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/ghostwood_leaves_fast
block:id=Sakura_Leaves,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/bloodwood_leaves_fast
block:id=Sakura_Leaves,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/willow_leaves_fast
block:id=Sakura_Leaves,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/sakura_leaves_fast
block:id=Sakura_Leaves,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/ghostwood_leaves_fast
block:id=Sakura_Leaves,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/bloodwood_leaves_fast
block:id=Sakura_Leaves,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/willow_leaves_fast
block:id=Sakura_Leaves,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/sakura_leaves_fast
block:id=Sakura_Leaves,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/ghostwood_leaves_fast
block:id=Sakura_Leaves,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/bloodwood_leaves_fast
block:id=Sakura_Leaves,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/willow_leaves_fast
# Flora_Leaves:* (floraleaves), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.natura.blocks.trees.NLeaves
block:id=Flora_Leaves,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:natura/redwood_leaves_fast
block:id=Flora_Leaves,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:natura/eucalyptus_leaves_fast
block:id=Flora_Leaves,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:natura/hopseed_leaves_fast
block:id=Flora_Leaves,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:natura/redwood_leaves_fast
block:id=Flora_Leaves,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:natura/eucalyptus_leaves_fast
block:id=Flora_Leaves,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:natura/hopseed_leaves_fast
block:id=Flora_Leaves,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:natura/redwood_leaves_fast
block:id=Flora_Leaves,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:natura/eucalyptus_leaves_fast
block:id=Flora_Leaves,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:natura/hopseed_leaves_fast
block:id=Flora_Leaves,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:natura/redwood_leaves_fast
block:id=Flora_Leaves,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:natura/eucalyptus_leaves_fast
block:id=Flora_Leaves,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:natura/hopseed_leaves_fast
# Crops:* (N Crops), render=108(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.crops.CropBlock
block:id=Crops,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/barley_1
block:id=Crops,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/barley_2
block:id=Crops,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/barley_3
block:id=Crops,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/barley_4
block:id=Crops,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/cotton_1
block:id=Crops,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/cotton_2
block:id=Crops,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/cotton_3
block:id=Crops,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/cotton_4
block:id=Crops,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/cotton_5
# Redwood_Block:* (redwood), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.natura.blocks.trees.SimpleLog
block:id=Redwood_Block,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/redwood_bark
block:id=Redwood_Block,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/redwood_heart
block:id=Redwood_Block,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/redwood_root
# Planks_Block:* (planks), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.natura.blocks.trees.Planks
block:id=Planks_Block,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/eucalyptus_planks
block:id=Planks_Block,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/sakura_planks
block:id=Planks_Block,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/ghostwood_planks
block:id=Planks_Block,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/redwood_planks
block:id=Planks_Block,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/bloodwood_planks
block:id=Planks_Block,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/hopseed_planks
block:id=Planks_Block,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/maple_planks
block:id=Planks_Block,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/silverbell_planks
block:id=Planks_Block,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/purpleheart_planks
block:id=Planks_Block,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/tiger_planks
block:id=Planks_Block,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/willow_planks
block:id=Planks_Block,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/darkwood_planks
block:id=Planks_Block,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/fusewood_planks
block:id=Planks_Block,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/lava_still
# Bloodwood_Block:* (bloodwood), render=31(LOG), opaque=true,cls=mods.natura.blocks.trees.LogTwoxTwo
block:id=Bloodwood_Block,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:natura/bloodwood_upper_left,face2=0:natura/bloodwood_bark,face3=0:natura/bloodwood_side_left,face4=0:natura/bloodwood_bark,face5=0:natura/bloodwood_side_right
block:id=Bloodwood_Block,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:natura/bloodwood_upper_right,face2=0:natura/bloodwood_bark,face3=0:natura/bloodwood_side_right,face4=0:natura/bloodwood_side_left,face5=0:natura/bloodwood_bark
block:id=Bloodwood_Block,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:natura/bloodwood_lower_left,face2=0:natura/bloodwood_side_right,face3-4=0:natura/bloodwood_bark,face5=0:natura/bloodwood_side_left
block:id=Bloodwood_Block,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:natura/bloodwood_lower_right,face2=0:natura/bloodwood_side_left,face3=0:natura/bloodwood_bark,face4=0:natura/bloodwood_side_right,face5=0:natura/bloodwood_bark
block:id=Bloodwood_Block,data=4,face0=0:natura/bloodwood_side_left,face1=0:natura/bloodwood_bark,face2=4000:natura/bloodwood_side_right,face3=4000:natura/bloodwood_bark,face4=0:natura/bloodwood_upper_right,face5=0:natura/bloodwood_upper_left
block:id=Bloodwood_Block,data=5,face0=0:natura/bloodwood_side_right,face1=0:natura/bloodwood_bark,face2=4000:natura/bloodwood_bark,face3=4000:natura/bloodwood_side_left,face4=0:natura/bloodwood_upper_left,face5=0:natura/bloodwood_upper_right
block:id=Bloodwood_Block,data=6,face0=0:natura/bloodwood_bark,face1=0:natura/bloodwood_side_right,face2=4000:natura/bloodwood_side_left,face3=4000:natura/bloodwood_bark,face4=0:natura/bloodwood_lower_right,face5=0:natura/bloodwood_lower_left
block:id=Bloodwood_Block,data=7,face0=0:natura/bloodwood_bark,face1=0:natura/bloodwood_side_left,face2=4000:natura/bloodwood_bark,face3=4000:natura/bloodwood_side_right,face4=0:natura/bloodwood_lower_left,face5=0:natura/bloodwood_lower_right
block:id=Bloodwood_Block,data=8,face0=4000:natura/bloodwood_side_left,face1=4000:natura/bloodwood_bark,face2=0:natura/bloodwood_upper_right,face3=0:natura/bloodwood_upper_left,face4=4000:natura/bloodwood_bark,face5=4000:natura/bloodwood_side_right
block:id=Bloodwood_Block,data=9,face0=4000:natura/bloodwood_side_right,face1=4000:natura/bloodwood_bark,face2=0:natura/bloodwood_upper_left,face3=0:natura/bloodwood_upper_right,face4=4000:natura/bloodwood_side_left,face5=4000:natura/bloodwood_bark
block:id=Bloodwood_Block,data=10,face0=4000:natura/bloodwood_bark,face1=4000:natura/bloodwood_side_left,face2=0:natura/bloodwood_lower_right,face3=0:natura/bloodwood_lower_left,face4=4000:natura/bloodwood_bark,face5=4000:natura/bloodwood_side_left
block:id=Bloodwood_Block,data=11,face0=4000:natura/bloodwood_bark,face1=4000:natura/bloodwood_side_right,face2=0:natura/bloodwood_lower_left,face3=0:natura/bloodwood_lower_right,face4=4000:natura/bloodwood_side_right,face5=4000:natura/bloodwood_bark
block:id=Bloodwood_Block,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/bloodwood_bark
# Eucalyptus_Door:* (door.eucalyptus), render=7(DOOR), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.trees.NDoor
block:id=Eucalyptus_Door,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/eucalyptus_door_top,patch1=0:natura/eucalyptus_door_bottom
# Hopseed_Door:* (door.hopseed), render=7(DOOR), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.trees.NDoor
block:id=Hopseed_Door,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/hopseed_door_top,patch1=0:natura/hopseed_door_bottom
# Sakura_Door:* (door.sakura), render=7(DOOR), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.trees.NDoor
block:id=Sakura_Door,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/sakura_door_top,patch1=0:natura/sakura_door_bottom
# Ghostwood_Door:* (door.ghostwood), render=7(DOOR), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.trees.NDoor
block:id=Ghostwood_Door,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/ghostwood_door_top,patch1=0:natura/ghostwood_door_bottom
# Bloodwood_Door:* (door.bloodwood), render=7(DOOR), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.trees.NDoor
block:id=Bloodwood_Door,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/bloodwood_door_top,patch1=0:natura/bloodwood_door_bottom
# Redwood_Bark_Door:* (door.redwoodbark), render=7(DOOR), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.trees.NDoor
block:id=Redwood_Bark_Door,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/redwoodbark_door_top,patch1=0:natura/redwoodbark_door_bottom
# Glowing_Mushroom:* (Glowshroom), render=1(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.crops.Glowshroom
block:id=Glowing_Mushroom,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/mushroom_green
block:id=Glowing_Mushroom,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/mushroom_purple
block:id=Glowing_Mushroom,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/mushroom_blue
block:id=Glowing_Mushroom,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/mushroom_green
block:id=Glowing_Mushroom,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/mushroom_purple
block:id=Glowing_Mushroom,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/mushroom_blue
block:id=Glowing_Mushroom,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/mushroom_green
block:id=Glowing_Mushroom,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/mushroom_purple
block:id=Glowing_Mushroom,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/mushroom_blue
block:id=Glowing_Mushroom,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/mushroom_green
block:id=Glowing_Mushroom,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/mushroom_purple
block:id=Glowing_Mushroom,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/mushroom_blue
block:id=Glowing_Mushroom,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/mushroom_green
block:id=Glowing_Mushroom,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/mushroom_purple
block:id=Glowing_Mushroom,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/mushroom_blue
block:id=Glowing_Mushroom,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/mushroom_green
# Darkwood_Log:* (Dark Tree), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.natura.blocks.trees.DarkTreeBlock
block:id=Darkwood_Log,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:natura/darkwood_heart,face2-5=0:natura/darkwood_bark
block:id=Darkwood_Log,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:natura/fusewood_heart,face2-5=0:natura/fusewood_bark
block:id=Darkwood_Log,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:natura/darkwood_bark,face4-5=0:natura/darkwood_heart
block:id=Darkwood_Log,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:natura/fusewood_bark,face4-5=0:natura/fusewood_heart
block:id=Darkwood_Log,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:natura/darkwood_bark,face2-3=0:natura/darkwood_heart,face4-5=0:natura/darkwood_bark
block:id=Darkwood_Log,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:natura/fusewood_bark,face2-3=0:natura/fusewood_heart,face4-5=0:natura/fusewood_bark
block:id=Darkwood_Log,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/darkwood_bark
block:id=Darkwood_Log,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/fusewood_bark
# Darkwood_Leaves:* (Dark Leaves), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.natura.blocks.trees.NLeavesDark
block:id=Darkwood_Leaves,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/darkwood_leaves_fast
block:id=Darkwood_Leaves,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/darkwood_flowering_leaves_fast
block:id=Darkwood_Leaves,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/darkwood_fruit_leaves_fast
block:id=Darkwood_Leaves,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/fusewood_leaves_fast
block:id=Darkwood_Leaves,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/darkwood_leaves_fast
block:id=Darkwood_Leaves,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/darkwood_flowering_leaves_fast
block:id=Darkwood_Leaves,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/darkwood_fruit_leaves_fast
block:id=Darkwood_Leaves,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/fusewood_leaves_fast
block:id=Darkwood_Leaves,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/darkwood_leaves_fast
block:id=Darkwood_Leaves,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/darkwood_flowering_leaves_fast
block:id=Darkwood_Leaves,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/darkwood_fruit_leaves_fast
block:id=Darkwood_Leaves,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/fusewood_leaves_fast
block:id=Darkwood_Leaves,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/darkwood_leaves_fast
block:id=Darkwood_Leaves,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/darkwood_flowering_leaves_fast
block:id=Darkwood_Leaves,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/darkwood_fruit_leaves_fast
block:id=Darkwood_Leaves,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/fusewood_leaves_fast
# Blue_Glowshroom:* (blueGlowshroom), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.crops.LargeGlowshroom
block:id=Blue_Glowshroom,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_blue
block:id=Blue_Glowshroom,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_blue,face1-2=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_blue,face3=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_blue,face4=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_blue,face5=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_blue
block:id=Blue_Glowshroom,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_blue,face1-2=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_blue,face3-5=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_blue
block:id=Blue_Glowshroom,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_blue,face1-2=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_blue,face3-4=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_blue,face5=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_blue
block:id=Blue_Glowshroom,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_blue,face1=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_blue,face2-3=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_blue,face4=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_blue,face5=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_blue
block:id=Blue_Glowshroom,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_blue,face1=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_blue,face2-5=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_blue
block:id=Blue_Glowshroom,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_blue,face1=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_blue,face2-4=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_blue,face5=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_blue
block:id=Blue_Glowshroom,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_blue,face1=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_blue,face2=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_blue,face3-4=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_blue,face5=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_blue
block:id=Blue_Glowshroom,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_blue,face1=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_blue,face2=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_blue,face3=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_blue,face4-5=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_blue
block:id=Blue_Glowshroom,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_blue,face1=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_blue,face2=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_blue,face3=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_blue,face4=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_blue,face5=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_blue
block:id=Blue_Glowshroom,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-1=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_blue,face2-5=12000:natura/mushroom_stem_blue
block:id=Blue_Glowshroom,data=11,data=12,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_blue
block:id=Blue_Glowshroom,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_blue
block:id=Blue_Glowshroom,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:natura/mushroom_stem_blue
# Green_Glowshroom:* (greenGlowshroom), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.crops.LargeGlowshroom
block:id=Green_Glowshroom,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_green
block:id=Green_Glowshroom,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_green,face1-2=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_green,face3=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_green,face4=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_green,face5=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_green
block:id=Green_Glowshroom,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_green,face1-2=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_green,face3-5=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_green
block:id=Green_Glowshroom,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_green,face1-2=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_green,face3-4=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_green,face5=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_green
block:id=Green_Glowshroom,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_green,face1=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_green,face2-3=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_green,face4=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_green,face5=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_green
block:id=Green_Glowshroom,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_green,face1=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_green,face2-5=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_green
block:id=Green_Glowshroom,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_green,face1=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_green,face2-4=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_green,face5=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_green
block:id=Green_Glowshroom,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_green,face1=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_green,face2=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_green,face3-4=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_green,face5=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_green
block:id=Green_Glowshroom,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_green,face1=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_green,face2=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_green,face3=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_green,face4-5=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_green
block:id=Green_Glowshroom,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_green,face1=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_green,face2=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_green,face3=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_green,face4=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_green,face5=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_green
block:id=Green_Glowshroom,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-1=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_green,face2-5=12000:natura/mushroom_stem_green
block:id=Green_Glowshroom,data=11,data=12,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_green
block:id=Green_Glowshroom,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_green
block:id=Green_Glowshroom,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:natura/mushroom_stem_green
# Purple_Glowshroom:* (purpleGlowshroom), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.crops.LargeGlowshroom
block:id=Purple_Glowshroom,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_purple
block:id=Purple_Glowshroom,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_purple,face1-2=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_purple,face3=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_purple,face4=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_purple,face5=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_purple
block:id=Purple_Glowshroom,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_purple,face1-2=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_purple,face3-5=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_purple
block:id=Purple_Glowshroom,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_purple,face1-2=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_purple,face3-4=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_purple,face5=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_purple
block:id=Purple_Glowshroom,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_purple,face1=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_purple,face2-3=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_purple,face4=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_purple,face5=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_purple
block:id=Purple_Glowshroom,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_purple,face1=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_purple,face2-5=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_purple
block:id=Purple_Glowshroom,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_purple,face1=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_purple,face2-4=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_purple,face5=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_purple
block:id=Purple_Glowshroom,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_purple,face1=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_purple,face2=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_purple,face3-4=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_purple,face5=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_purple
block:id=Purple_Glowshroom,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_purple,face1=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_purple,face2=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_purple,face3=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_purple,face4-5=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_purple
block:id=Purple_Glowshroom,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_purple,face1=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_purple,face2=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_purple,face3=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_purple,face4=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_purple,face5=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_purple
block:id=Purple_Glowshroom,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-1=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_purple,face2-5=12000:natura/mushroom_stem_purple
block:id=Purple_Glowshroom,data=11,data=12,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:natura/mushroom_inside_purple
block:id=Purple_Glowshroom,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:natura/mushroom_skin_purple
block:id=Purple_Glowshroom,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:natura/mushroom_stem_purple
# Rare_Log:* (Rare Tree), render=31(LOG), opaque=true,cls=mods.natura.blocks.trees.OverworldTreeBlock
block:id=Rare_Log,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:natura/maple_heart,face2-5=0:natura/maple_bark
block:id=Rare_Log,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:natura/silverbell_heart,face2-5=0:natura/silverbell_bark
block:id=Rare_Log,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:natura/purpleheart_heart,face2-5=0:natura/purpleheart_bark
block:id=Rare_Log,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:natura/tiger_heart,face2-5=0:natura/tiger_bark
block:id=Rare_Log,data=4,face0-1=0:natura/maple_bark,face2-3=4000:natura/maple_bark,face4-5=0:natura/maple_heart
block:id=Rare_Log,data=5,face0-1=0:natura/silverbell_bark,face2-3=4000:natura/silverbell_bark,face4-5=0:natura/silverbell_heart
block:id=Rare_Log,data=6,face0-1=0:natura/purpleheart_bark,face2-3=4000:natura/purpleheart_bark,face4-5=0:natura/purpleheart_heart
block:id=Rare_Log,data=7,face0-1=0:natura/tiger_bark,face2-3=4000:natura/tiger_bark,face4-5=0:natura/tiger_heart
block:id=Rare_Log,data=8,face0-1=4000:natura/maple_bark,face2-3=0:natura/maple_heart,face4-5=4000:natura/maple_bark
block:id=Rare_Log,data=9,face0-1=4000:natura/silverbell_bark,face2-3=0:natura/silverbell_heart,face4-5=4000:natura/silverbell_bark
block:id=Rare_Log,data=10,face0-1=4000:natura/purpleheart_bark,face2-3=0:natura/purpleheart_heart,face4-5=4000:natura/purpleheart_bark
block:id=Rare_Log,data=11,face0-1=4000:natura/tiger_bark,face2-3=0:natura/tiger_heart,face4-5=4000:natura/tiger_bark
block:id=Rare_Log,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/maple_bark
block:id=Rare_Log,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/silverbell_bark
block:id=Rare_Log,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/purpleheart_bark
block:id=Rare_Log,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/tiger_bark
# Rare_Leaves:* (Rare Leaves), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.natura.blocks.trees.OverworldLeaves
block:id=Rare_Leaves,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:natura/maple_leaves_fast
block:id=Rare_Leaves,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:natura/silverbell_leaves_fast
block:id=Rare_Leaves,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:natura/purpleheart_leaves_fast
block:id=Rare_Leaves,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:natura/tiger_leaves_fast
block:id=Rare_Leaves,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:natura/maple_leaves_fast
block:id=Rare_Leaves,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:natura/silverbell_leaves_fast
block:id=Rare_Leaves,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:natura/purpleheart_leaves_fast
block:id=Rare_Leaves,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:natura/tiger_leaves_fast
block:id=Rare_Leaves,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:natura/maple_leaves_fast
block:id=Rare_Leaves,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:natura/silverbell_leaves_fast
block:id=Rare_Leaves,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:natura/purpleheart_leaves_fast
block:id=Rare_Leaves,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:natura/tiger_leaves_fast
block:id=Rare_Leaves,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:natura/maple_leaves_fast
block:id=Rare_Leaves,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:natura/silverbell_leaves_fast
block:id=Rare_Leaves,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:natura/purpleheart_leaves_fast
block:id=Rare_Leaves,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:natura/tiger_leaves_fast
# Rare_Sapling:* (Rare Sapling), render=1(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.trees.OverworldSapling
block:id=Rare_Sapling,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/maple_sapling
block:id=Rare_Sapling,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/silverbell_sapling
block:id=Rare_Sapling,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/purpleheart_sapling
block:id=Rare_Sapling,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/tiger_sapling
block:id=Rare_Sapling,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/willow_sapling
block:id=Rare_Sapling,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/maple_sapling
block:id=Rare_Sapling,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/silverbell_sapling
block:id=Rare_Sapling,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/purpleheart_sapling
block:id=Rare_Sapling,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/tiger_sapling
block:id=Rare_Sapling,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/willow_sapling
# Willow_Log:* (willow), render=31(LOG), opaque=true,cls=mods.natura.blocks.trees.WillowBlock
block:id=Willow_Log,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:natura/willow_heart,face2-5=0:natura/willow_bark
block:id=Willow_Log,data=4,face0-1=0:natura/willow_bark,face2-3=4000:natura/willow_bark,face4-5=0:natura/willow_heart
block:id=Willow_Log,data=8,face0-1=4000:natura/willow_bark,face2-3=0:natura/willow_heart,face4-5=4000:natura/willow_bark
block:id=Willow_Log,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/willow_bark
# Flower:* (Bluebells), render=1(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.crops.FlowerBlock
block:id=Flower,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/flower_bluebells
# Thornvines:* (Thornvines), render=20(VINE), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.crops.ThornVines
block:id=Thornvines,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/thornvine
# Crafting_Table:* (Natura.workbench), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.natura.blocks.overrides.AlternateWorkbench
block:id=Crafting_Table,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:natura/eucalyptus_planks,face1=0:natura/eucalyptus_workbench_top,face2=0:natura/eucalyptus_workbench_face,face3=0:natura/eucalyptus_workbench_side,face4=0:natura/eucalyptus_workbench_face,face5=0:natura/eucalyptus_workbench_side
block:id=Crafting_Table,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:natura/sakura_planks,face1=0:natura/sakura_workbench_top,face2=0:natura/sakura_workbench_face,face3=0:natura/sakura_workbench_side,face4=0:natura/sakura_workbench_face,face5=0:natura/sakura_workbench_side
block:id=Crafting_Table,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:natura/ghostwood_planks,face1=0:natura/ghostwood_workbench_top,face2=0:natura/ghostwood_workbench_face,face3=0:natura/ghostwood_workbench_side,face4=0:natura/ghostwood_workbench_face,face5=0:natura/ghostwood_workbench_side
block:id=Crafting_Table,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:natura/redwood_planks,face1=0:natura/redwood_workbench_top,face2=0:natura/redwood_workbench_face,face3=0:natura/redwood_workbench_side,face4=0:natura/redwood_workbench_face,face5=0:natura/redwood_workbench_side
block:id=Crafting_Table,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:natura/bloodwood_planks,face1=0:natura/bloodwood_workbench_top,face2=0:natura/bloodwood_workbench_face,face3=0:natura/bloodwood_workbench_side,face4=0:natura/bloodwood_workbench_face,face5=0:natura/bloodwood_workbench_side
block:id=Crafting_Table,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:natura/hopseed_planks,face1=0:natura/hopseed_workbench_top,face2=0:natura/hopseed_workbench_face,face3=0:natura/hopseed_workbench_side,face4=0:natura/hopseed_workbench_face,face5=0:natura/hopseed_workbench_side
block:id=Crafting_Table,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:natura/maple_planks,face1=0:natura/maple_workbench_top,face2=0:natura/maple_workbench_face,face3=0:natura/maple_workbench_side,face4=0:natura/maple_workbench_face,face5=0:natura/maple_workbench_side
block:id=Crafting_Table,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:natura/silverbell_planks,face1=0:natura/silverbell_workbench_top,face2=0:natura/silverbell_workbench_face,face3=0:natura/silverbell_workbench_side,face4=0:natura/silverbell_workbench_face,face5=0:natura/silverbell_workbench_side
block:id=Crafting_Table,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:natura/purpleheart_planks,face1=0:natura/purpleheart_workbench_top,face2=0:natura/purpleheart_workbench_face,face3=0:natura/purpleheart_workbench_side,face4=0:natura/purpleheart_workbench_face,face5=0:natura/purpleheart_workbench_side
block:id=Crafting_Table,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:natura/tiger_planks,face1=0:natura/tiger_workbench_top,face2=0:natura/tiger_workbench_face,face3=0:natura/tiger_workbench_side,face4=0:natura/tiger_workbench_face,face5=0:natura/tiger_workbench_side
block:id=Crafting_Table,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:natura/willow_planks,face1=0:natura/willow_workbench_top,face2=0:natura/willow_workbench_face,face3=0:natura/willow_workbench_side,face4=0:natura/willow_workbench_face,face5=0:natura/willow_workbench_side
block:id=Crafting_Table,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:natura/darkwood_planks,face1=0:natura/darkwood_workbench_top,face2=0:natura/darkwood_workbench_face,face3=0:natura/darkwood_workbench_side,face4=0:natura/darkwood_workbench_face,face5=0:natura/darkwood_workbench_side
block:id=Crafting_Table,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:natura/fusewood_planks,face1=0:natura/fusewood_workbench_top,face2=0:natura/fusewood_workbench_face,face3=0:natura/fusewood_workbench_side,face4=0:natura/fusewood_workbench_face,face5=0:natura/fusewood_workbench_side
block:id=Crafting_Table,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:minecraft/lava_still
# Bookshelf:* (Natura.bookshelf), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.natura.blocks.overrides.AlternateBookshelf
block:id=Bookshelf,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:natura/eucalyptus_planks,face2-5=0:natura/eucalyptus_bookshelf
block:id=Bookshelf,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:natura/sakura_planks,face2-5=0:natura/sakura_bookshelf
block:id=Bookshelf,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:natura/ghostwood_planks,face2-5=0:natura/ghostwood_bookshelf
block:id=Bookshelf,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:natura/redwood_planks,face2-5=0:natura/redwood_bookshelf
block:id=Bookshelf,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:natura/bloodwood_planks,face2-5=0:natura/bloodwood_bookshelf
block:id=Bookshelf,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:natura/hopseed_planks,face2-5=0:natura/hopseed_bookshelf
block:id=Bookshelf,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:natura/maple_planks,face2-5=0:natura/maple_bookshelf
block:id=Bookshelf,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:natura/silverbell_planks,face2-5=0:natura/silverbell_bookshelf
block:id=Bookshelf,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:natura/purpleheart_planks,face2-5=0:natura/purpleheart_bookshelf
block:id=Bookshelf,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:natura/tiger_planks,face2-5=0:natura/tiger_bookshelf
block:id=Bookshelf,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:natura/willow_planks,face2-5=0:natura/willow_bookshelf
block:id=Bookshelf,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:natura/darkwood_planks,face2-5=0:natura/darkwood_bookshelf
block:id=Bookshelf,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:natura/fusewood_planks,face2-5=0:natura/fusewood_bookshelf
block:id=Bookshelf,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:minecraft/lava_still
# Fence:* (Natura.fence), render=109(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.overrides.AlternateFence
block:id=Fence,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/eucalyptus_planks
block:id=Fence,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/sakura_planks
block:id=Fence,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/ghostwood_planks
block:id=Fence,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/redwood_planks
block:id=Fence,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/bloodwood_planks
block:id=Fence,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/hopseed_planks
block:id=Fence,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/maple_planks
block:id=Fence,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/silverbell_planks
block:id=Fence,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/purpleheart_planks
block:id=Fence,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/tiger_planks
block:id=Fence,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/willow_planks
block:id=Fence,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/darkwood_planks
block:id=Fence,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/fusewood_planks
block:id=Fence,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/lava_still
# Topiary_Grass_Block:* (GrassBlock), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.natura.blocks.GrassBlock
block:id=Topiary_Grass_Block,data=0,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF7CBD6B,face0-5=17000:natura/grass_top
block:id=Topiary_Grass_Block,data=1,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF00F3F6,face0-5=17000:natura/grass_top
block:id=Topiary_Grass_Block,data=2,stdrot=true,colorMult=FFC92B00,face0-5=17000:natura/grass_top
block:id=Topiary_Grass_Block,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF7CBD6B,face0-5=17000:natura/grass_top
# Topiary_Grass_Slab:* (GrassSlab), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.GrassSlab
block:id=Topiary_Grass_Slab,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FF7CBD6B,face0-5=17000:natura/grass_top
block:id=Topiary_Grass_Slab,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FF00F3F6,face0-5=17000:natura/grass_top
block:id=Topiary_Grass_Slab,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FFC92B00,face0-5=17000:natura/grass_top
block:id=Topiary_Grass_Slab,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FF7CBD6B,face0-5=17000:natura/grass_top
# Plank_Slab_One:* (plankSlab1), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NSlabBase
block:id=Plank_Slab_One,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/eucalyptus_planks
block:id=Plank_Slab_One,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/sakura_planks
block:id=Plank_Slab_One,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/ghostwood_planks
block:id=Plank_Slab_One,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/redwood_planks
block:id=Plank_Slab_One,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/bloodwood_planks
block:id=Plank_Slab_One,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/hopseed_planks
block:id=Plank_Slab_One,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/maple_planks
block:id=Plank_Slab_One,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/silverbell_planks
block:id=Plank_Slab_One,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/eucalyptus_planks
block:id=Plank_Slab_One,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/sakura_planks
block:id=Plank_Slab_One,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/ghostwood_planks
block:id=Plank_Slab_One,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/redwood_planks
block:id=Plank_Slab_One,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/bloodwood_planks
block:id=Plank_Slab_One,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/hopseed_planks
block:id=Plank_Slab_One,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/maple_planks
block:id=Plank_Slab_One,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/silverbell_planks
# Plank_Slab_Two:* (plankSlab2), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NSlabBase
block:id=Plank_Slab_Two,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/purpleheart_planks
block:id=Plank_Slab_Two,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/tiger_planks
block:id=Plank_Slab_Two,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/willow_planks
block:id=Plank_Slab_Two,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/darkwood_planks
block:id=Plank_Slab_Two,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/fusewood_planks
block:id=Plank_Slab_Two,data=5,data=6,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/lava_still
block:id=Plank_Slab_Two,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/purpleheart_planks
block:id=Plank_Slab_Two,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/tiger_planks
block:id=Plank_Slab_Two,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/willow_planks
block:id=Plank_Slab_Two,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/darkwood_planks
block:id=Plank_Slab_Two,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/fusewood_planks
block:id=Plank_Slab_Two,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/lava_still
# Eucalyputus_Stairs:* (stair.eucalyptus), render=10(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NStairs
block:id=Eucalyputus_Stairs,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/eucalyptus_planks
# Sakura_Stairs:* (stair.sakura), render=10(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NStairs
block:id=Sakura_Stairs,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/sakura_planks
# Ghostwood_Stairs:* (stair.ghostwood), render=10(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NStairs
block:id=Ghostwood_Stairs,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/ghostwood_planks
# Redwood_Stairs:* (stair.redwood), render=10(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NStairs
block:id=Redwood_Stairs,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/redwood_planks
# Bloodwood_Stairs:* (stair.bloodwood), render=10(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NStairs
block:id=Bloodwood_Stairs,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/bloodwood_planks
# Hopseed_Stairs:* (stair.hopseed), render=10(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NStairs
block:id=Hopseed_Stairs,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/hopseed_planks
# Maple_Stairs:* (stair.maple), render=10(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NStairs
block:id=Maple_Stairs,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/maple_planks
# Amaranth_Stairs:* (stair.amaranth), render=10(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NStairs
block:id=Amaranth_Stairs,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/purpleheart_planks
# Silverbell_Stairs:* (stair.silverbell), render=10(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NStairs
block:id=Silverbell_Stairs,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/silverbell_planks
# Willow_Stairs:* (stair.willow), render=10(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NStairs
block:id=Willow_Stairs,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/willow_planks
# Darkwood_Stairs:* (stair.darkwood), render=10(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NStairs
block:id=Darkwood_Stairs,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/darkwood_planks
# Fusewood_Stairs:* (stair.fusewood), render=10(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NStairs
block:id=Fusewood_Stairs,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/fusewood_planks
# Eucalyputus_Pressure_Plate:* (pressureplate.eucalyptus), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NPressurePlate
block:id=Eucalyputus_Pressure_Plate,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/eucalyptus_planks
# Sakura_Pressure_Plate:* (pressureplate.sakura), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NPressurePlate
block:id=Sakura_Pressure_Plate,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/sakura_planks
# Ghostwood_Pressure_Plate:* (pressureplate.ghostwood), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NPressurePlate
block:id=Ghostwood_Pressure_Plate,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/ghostwood_planks
# Redwood_Pressure_Plate:* (pressureplate.redwood), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NPressurePlate
block:id=Redwood_Pressure_Plate,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/redwood_planks
# Bloodwood_Pressure_Plate:* (pressureplate.bloodwood), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NPressurePlate
block:id=Bloodwood_Pressure_Plate,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/bloodwood_planks
# Hopseed_Pressure_Plate:* (pressureplate.hopseed), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NPressurePlate
block:id=Hopseed_Pressure_Plate,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/hopseed_planks
# Maple_Pressure_Plate:* (pressureplate.maple), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NPressurePlate
block:id=Maple_Pressure_Plate,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/maple_planks
# Amaranth_Pressure_Plate:* (pressureplate.amaranth), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NPressurePlate
block:id=Amaranth_Pressure_Plate,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/purpleheart_planks
# Silverbell_Pressure_Plate:* (pressureplate.silverbell), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NPressurePlate
block:id=Silverbell_Pressure_Plate,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/silverbell_planks
# Tigerwood_Pressure_Plate:* (pressureplate.tiger), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NPressurePlate
block:id=Tigerwood_Pressure_Plate,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/tiger_planks
# Willow_Pressure_Plate:* (pressureplate.willow), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NPressurePlate
block:id=Willow_Pressure_Plate,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/willow_planks
# Darkwood_Pressure_Plate:* (pressureplate.darkwood), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NPressurePlate
block:id=Darkwood_Pressure_Plate,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/darkwood_planks
# Fusewood_Pressure_Plate:* (pressureplate.fusewood), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NPressurePlate
block:id=Fusewood_Pressure_Plate,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/fusewood_planks
# Eucalyputus_Trapdoor:* (trapdoor.eucalyptus), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NTrapdoor
block:id=Eucalyputus_Trapdoor,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/eucalyptus_trapdoor
# Sakura_Trapdoor:* (trapdoor.sakura), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NTrapdoor
block:id=Sakura_Trapdoor,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/sakura_trapdoor
# Ghostwood_Trapdoor:* (trapdoor.ghostwood), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NTrapdoor
block:id=Ghostwood_Trapdoor,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/ghostwood_trapdoor
# Redwood_Trapdoor:* (trapdoor.redwood), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NTrapdoor
block:id=Redwood_Trapdoor,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/redwood_trapdoor
# Bloodwood_Trapdoor:* (trapdoor.bloodwood), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NTrapdoor
block:id=Bloodwood_Trapdoor,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/bloodwood_trapdoor
# Hopseed_Trapdoor:* (trapdoor.hopseed), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NTrapdoor
block:id=Hopseed_Trapdoor,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/hopseed_trapdoor
# Maple_Trapdoor:* (trapdoor.maple), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NTrapdoor
block:id=Maple_Trapdoor,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/maple_trapdoor
# Amaranth_Trapdoor:* (trapdoor.amaranth), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NTrapdoor
block:id=Amaranth_Trapdoor,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/purpleheart_trapdoor
# Silverbell_Trapdoor:* (trapdoor.silverbell), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NTrapdoor
block:id=Silverbell_Trapdoor,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/silverbell_trapdoor
# Tigerwood_Trapdoor:* (trapdoor.tiger), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NTrapdoor
block:id=Tigerwood_Trapdoor,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/tiger_trapdoor
# Willow_Trapdoor:* (trapdoor.willow), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NTrapdoor
block:id=Willow_Trapdoor,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/willow_trapdoor
# Darkwood_Trapdoor:* (trapdoor.darkwood), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NTrapdoor
block:id=Darkwood_Trapdoor,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/darkwood_trapdoor
# Fusewood_Trapdoor:* (trapdoor.fusewood), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NTrapdoor
block:id=Fusewood_Trapdoor,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/fusewood_trapdoor
# Eucalyputus_Button:* (button.eucalyptus), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NButton
block:id=Eucalyputus_Button,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/eucalyptus_planks
block:id=Eucalyputus_Button,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/eucalyptus_planks
# Sakura_Button:* (button.sakura), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NButton
block:id=Sakura_Button,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/sakura_planks
block:id=Sakura_Button,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/sakura_planks
# Ghostwood_Button:* (button.ghostwood), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NButton
block:id=Ghostwood_Button,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/ghostwood_planks
block:id=Ghostwood_Button,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/ghostwood_planks
# Redwood_Button:* (button.redwood), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NButton
block:id=Redwood_Button,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/redwood_planks
block:id=Redwood_Button,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/redwood_planks
# Bloodwood_Button:* (button.bloodwood), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NButton
block:id=Bloodwood_Button,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/bloodwood_planks
block:id=Bloodwood_Button,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/bloodwood_planks
# Hopseed_Button:* (button.hopseed), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NButton
block:id=Hopseed_Button,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/hopseed_planks
block:id=Hopseed_Button,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/hopseed_planks
# Maple_Button:* (button.maple), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NButton
block:id=Maple_Button,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/maple_planks
block:id=Maple_Button,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/maple_planks
# Silverbell_Button:* (button.silverbell), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NButton
block:id=Silverbell_Button,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/silverbell_planks
block:id=Silverbell_Button,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/silverbell_planks
# Amaranth_Button:* (button.amaranth), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NButton
block:id=Amaranth_Button,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/purpleheart_planks
block:id=Amaranth_Button,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/purpleheart_planks
# Tigerwood_Button:* (button.tiger), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NButton
block:id=Tigerwood_Button,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/tiger_planks
block:id=Tigerwood_Button,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/tiger_planks
# Willow_Button:* (button.willow), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NButton
block:id=Willow_Button,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/willow_planks
block:id=Willow_Button,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/willow_planks
# Darkwood_Button:* (button.darkwood), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NButton
block:id=Darkwood_Button,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/darkwood_planks
block:id=Darkwood_Button,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/darkwood_planks
# Fusewood_Button:* (button.fusewood), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NButton
block:id=Fusewood_Button,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/fusewood_planks
block:id=Fusewood_Button,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/fusewood_planks
# Eucalyputus_Fence_Gate:* (fenceGate.eucalyptus), render=21(FENCEGATE), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NFenceGate
block:id=Eucalyputus_Fence_Gate,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:natura/eucalyptus_planks
# Sakura_Fence_Gate:* (fenceGate.sakura), render=21(FENCEGATE), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NFenceGate
block:id=Sakura_Fence_Gate,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:natura/sakura_planks
# Ghostwood_Fence_Gate:* (fenceGate.ghostwood), render=21(FENCEGATE), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NFenceGate
block:id=Ghostwood_Fence_Gate,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:natura/ghostwood_planks
# Redwood_Fence_Gate:* (fenceGate.redwood), render=21(FENCEGATE), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NFenceGate
block:id=Redwood_Fence_Gate,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:natura/redwood_planks
# Bloodwood_Fence_Gate:* (fenceGate.bloodwood), render=21(FENCEGATE), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NFenceGate
block:id=Bloodwood_Fence_Gate,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:natura/bloodwood_planks
# Hopseed_Fence_Gate:* (fenceGate.hopseed), render=21(FENCEGATE), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NFenceGate
block:id=Hopseed_Fence_Gate,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:natura/hopseed_planks
# Maple_Fence_Gate:* (fenceGate.maple), render=21(FENCEGATE), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NFenceGate
block:id=Maple_Fence_Gate,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:natura/maple_planks
# Silverbell_Fence_Gate:* (fenceGate.silverbell), render=21(FENCEGATE), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NFenceGate
block:id=Silverbell_Fence_Gate,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:natura/silverbell_planks
# Amaranth_Fence_Gate:* (fenceGate.amaranth), render=21(FENCEGATE), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NFenceGate
block:id=Amaranth_Fence_Gate,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:natura/purpleheart_planks
# Tigerwood_Fence_Gate:* (fenceGate.tiger), render=21(FENCEGATE), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NFenceGate
block:id=Tigerwood_Fence_Gate,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:natura/tiger_planks
# Willow_Fence_Gate:* (fenceGate.willow), render=21(FENCEGATE), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NFenceGate
block:id=Willow_Fence_Gate,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:natura/willow_planks
# Darkwood_Fence_Gate:* (fenceGate.darkwood), render=21(FENCEGATE), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NFenceGate
block:id=Darkwood_Fence_Gate,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:natura/darkwood_planks
# Fusewood_Fence_Gate:* (fenceGate.fusewood), render=21(FENCEGATE), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.NFenceGate
block:id=Fusewood_Fence_Gate,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:natura/fusewood_planks
# Blaze_Rail:* (Blazerail), render=9(MINECARTTRACK), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.tech.BlazeRail
block:id=Blaze_Rail,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/brail_normal
block:id=Blaze_Rail,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/brail_normal_turned
# Powered_Blaze_Rail:* (BrailPowered), render=9(MINECARTTRACK), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.tech.BlazeRailPowered
block:id=Powered_Blaze_Rail,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/brail_golden
block:id=Powered_Blaze_Rail,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/brail_golden_powered
# Detector_Blaze_Rail:* (BrailDetector), render=9(MINECARTTRACK), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.tech.BlazeRailDetector
block:id=Detector_Blaze_Rail,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/brail_detector
block:id=Detector_Blaze_Rail,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/brail_detector_powered
# Activator_Blaze_Rail:* (BrailActivator), render=9(MINECARTTRACK), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.tech.BlazeRailPowered
block:id=Activator_Blaze_Rail,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/brail_activator
block:id=Activator_Blaze_Rail,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:natura/brail_activator_powered
# Netherrack_Furnace:* (NetherFurnace), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.natura.blocks.tech.NetherrackFurnaceBlock
block:id=Netherrack_Furnace,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:natura/nfurnace_top,face2=0:natura/nfurnace_side,face3=0:natura/nfurnace_off,face4-5=0:natura/nfurnace_side
block:id=Netherrack_Furnace,data=1,stdrot=true,face3=0:natura/nfurnace_top
block:id=Netherrack_Furnace,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:natura/nfurnace_top,face2=0:natura/nfurnace_side,face3=0:natura/nfurnace_off,face4-5=0:natura/nfurnace_side
block:id=Netherrack_Furnace,data=9,stdrot=true,face3=0:natura/nfurnace_top
# Respawn_Obelisk:* (Obelisk), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.natura.blocks.tech.RespawnObelisk
block:id=Respawn_Obelisk,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/obelisk
block:id=Respawn_Obelisk,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:natura/obelisk_active
# Nether_Glass:* (NetherGlass), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.nether.NetherGlass
block:id=Nether_Glass,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:natura/glass_soul_item
block:id=Nether_Glass,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:natura/glass_heat_item
# Blaze_Hopper:* (NetherHopper), render=110(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.tech.BlazeHopper
block:id=Blaze_Hopper,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:natura/nhopper_outside,face1=0:natura/nhopper_top,face2-5=0:natura/nhopper_outside
# Netherrack_Pressure_Plate:* (NetherPressurePlate), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.overrides.AlternatePressurePlate
block:id=Netherrack_Pressure_Plate,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/netherrack
# Netherrack_Button:* (NetherButton), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.overrides.NetherrackButton
block:id=Netherrack_Button,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/netherrack
block:id=Netherrack_Button,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/netherrack
# Nether_Lever:* (NetherLever), render=111(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.natura.blocks.overrides.NetherLever
block:id=Nether_Lever,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:natura/nlever
