# TConstruct 1.6.X_1.5.2.1
version:1.6
modname:TConstruct

var:Congealed_Slime=0,Molten_Platinum=0,Ores_Gravel=0,Seared_Table=0,Crafting_Station=0,Molten_Nickel=0,Casting_Channel=0,Furnace_Slab=0,Liquid_Cow=0,Clear_Glass=0
var:Crafting_Slab=0,Birch_Barricade=0,Seared_Slab=0,Ore_Berry_One=0,Special_Soil=0,Molten_Copper=0,Spruce_Barricade=0,Slime_Grass=0,Glue_Fluid_Block=0,Molten_Stone=0
var:Molten_Aluminum=0,Landmine=0,Stone_Ladder=0,Speed_Slab=0,Molten_Bronze=0,Meat_Block=0,SDX=0,Nether_Smeltery=0,Molten_Silver=0,Molten_Electrum=0
var:Jungle_Barricade=0,Wood_Tool_Station=0,Slime_Pad=0,Punji=0,Oak_Barricade=0,Slime_Tall_Grass=0,Slime_Grass_Leaves=0,Lava_Tank=0,Ore_Berry_Two=0,Molten_Ender=0
var:Held_Item_Block=0,Ores_Slag=0,Slime_Channel=0,Clear_Stained_Glass_Pane=0,Glue_Block=0,Molten_Emerald=0,Speed_Block=0,Metal_Storage=0,Nether_Lava_Tank=0,Molten_Iron=0
var:Molten_Cobalt=0,Glass_Pane=0,Molten_Alumite=0,Wool_Slab_2=0,Liquid_Blue_Slime=0,Molten_Glass=0,Nether_Seared_Block=0,Wool_Slab_1=0,Wooden_Rail=0,Slime_Tree_Sapling=0
var:Blood_Channel=0,Clear_Stained_Glass=0,Multi_Brick=0,Smeltery=0,Molten_Invar=0,Multi_Brick_Fancy=0,Molten_Lead=0,Molten_Ardite=0,Molten_Tin=0,Drying_Rack=0
var:Molten_Aluminum_Brass=0,Molten_Manyullyn=0,Stone_Torch=0,Molten_Gold=0,Molten_Obsidian=0,Molten_Steel=0,Tool_Forge=0

cfgfile:config/TinkersWorkshop.txt


texturepath:assets/tconstruct/textures/blocks/
texture:id=minecraft/planks_oak,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/planks_oak.png
texture:id=tinker/partbuilder_birch_side,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/partbuilder_birch_side.png
texture:id=tinker/nether_searedbricksquare,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/nether_searedbricksquare.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_ardite,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_ardite.png
texture:id=tinker/sdx_bottom_blue,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/sdx_bottom_blue.png
texture:id=tinker/glass/stainedglass_white,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/glass/stainedglass_white.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_villager,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_villager.png
texture:id=tinker/searedwindow_top,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/searedwindow_top.png
texture:id=tinker/bricks/brick_lapis,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/bricks/brick_lapis.png
texture:id=tinker/nether_lavatank_side,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/nether_lavatank_side.png
texture:id=tinker/glass/stained/blue/glass,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/glass/stained/blue/glass.png
texture:id=tinker/stenciltable_jungle_side,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/stenciltable_jungle_side.png
texture:id=tinker/compressed_tin,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/compressed_tin.png
texture:id=tinker/bricks/fancybrick_gold,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/bricks/fancybrick_gold.png
texture:id=minecraft/log_jungle,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/log_jungle.png
texture:id=tinker/partbuilder_jungle_bottom,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/partbuilder_jungle_bottom.png
texture:id=minecraft/emerald_block,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/emerald_block.png
texture:id=tinker/patternchest_side,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/patternchest_side.png
texture:id=tinker/bricks/brick_netherrack,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/bricks/brick_netherrack.png
texture:id=minecraft/wool_colored_gray,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/wool_colored_gray.png
texture:id=tinker/nether_searedwindow_top,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/nether_searedwindow_top.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_cow,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_cow.png
texture:id=tinker/searedbrickfancy,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/searedbrickfancy.png
texture:id=tinker/ham_bone,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/ham_bone.png
texture:id=tinker/toolforge_aluminum,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/toolforge_aluminum.png
texture:id=tinker/nether_searedcreeper,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/nether_searedcreeper.png
texture:id=tinker/bricks/fancybrick_obsidian_ingot,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/bricks/fancybrick_obsidian_ingot.png
texture:id=tinker/stenciltable_slab_side,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/stenciltable_slab_side.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_aluminum,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_aluminum.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_copper,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_copper.png
texture:id=tinker/partbuilder_oak_bottom,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/partbuilder_oak_bottom.png
texture:id=tinker/bricks/fancybrick_bone,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/bricks/fancybrick_bone.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_manyullyn,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_manyullyn.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_stone_flow,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_stone_flow.png
texture:id=tinker/glass/stained/red/glass,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/glass/stained/red/glass.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_alumite_flow,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_alumite_flow.png
texture:id=tinker/toolforge_ardite,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/toolforge_ardite.png
texture:id=minecraft/wool_colored_yellow,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/wool_colored_yellow.png
texture:id=minecraft/wool_colored_red,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/wool_colored_red.png
texture:id=tinker/drain_side,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/drain_side.png
texture:id=tinker/blockcast_side,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/blockcast_side.png
texture:id=tinker/blockcast_top,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/blockcast_top.png
texture:id=tinker/searedbrickcracked,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/searedbrickcracked.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_obsidian,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_obsidian.png
texture:id=tinker/bricks/road_stone,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/bricks/road_stone.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_manyullyn_flow,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_manyullyn_flow.png
texture:id=tinker/bricks/fancybrick_slime,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/bricks/fancybrick_slime.png
texture:id=tinker/slimedirt_blue,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/slimedirt_blue.png
texture:id=tinker/glass/stainedglass_lightblue,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/glass/stainedglass_lightblue.png
texture:id=tinker/nether_blockcast_top,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/nether_blockcast_top.png
texture:id=tinker/patternchest_slab_side,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/patternchest_slab_side.png
texture:id=tinker/toolforge_bronze,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/toolforge_bronze.png
texture:id=tinker/crops/berry_copper_fast,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/crops/berry_copper_fast.png
texture:id=tinker/glass/stainedglass_brown,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/glass/stainedglass_brown.png
texture:id=tinker/bricks/fancybrick_diamond,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/bricks/fancybrick_diamond.png
texture:id=tinker/slimeblock_blue,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/slimeblock_blue.png
texture:id=tinker/partbuilder_birch_bottom,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/partbuilder_birch_bottom.png
texture:id=minecraft/log_oak,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/log_oak.png
texture:id=minecraft/wool_colored_orange,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/wool_colored_orange.png
texture:id=tinker/brownstone_smooth_brick,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/brownstone_smooth_brick.png
texture:id=tinker/drain_out,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/drain_out.png
texture:id=tinker/nether_searedpaver,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/nether_searedpaver.png
texture:id=tinker/woodrail,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/woodrail.png
texture:id=minecraft/wool_colored_white,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/wool_colored_white.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_lead,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_lead.png
texture:id=tinker/glass/stained/black/glass,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/glass/stained/black/glass.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_alubrass,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_alubrass.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_alubrass_flow,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_alubrass_flow.png
texture:id=tinker/glass/stained/light_blue/glass,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/glass/stained/light_blue/glass.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_invar,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_invar.png
texture:id=tinker/bricks/fancybrick_lapis,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/bricks/fancybrick_lapis.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_bronze,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_bronze.png
texture:id=minecraft/wool_colored_brown,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/wool_colored_brown.png
texture:id=tinker/toolstation_slab_side,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/toolstation_slab_side.png
texture:id=tinker/glass/stained/gray/glass,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/glass/stained/gray/glass.png
texture:id=tinker/partbuilder_oak_side,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/partbuilder_oak_side.png
texture:id=tinker/bricks/brick_diamond,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/bricks/brick_diamond.png
texture:id=tinker/nether_drain_out,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/nether_drain_out.png
texture:id=tinker/grout,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/grout.png
texture:id=minecraft/wool_colored_light_blue,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/wool_colored_light_blue.png
texture:id=tinker/toolforge_iron,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/toolforge_iron.png
texture:id=tinker/compressed_copper,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/compressed_copper.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_ardite_flow,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_ardite_flow.png
texture:id=tinker/ladder_stone,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/ladder_stone.png
texture:id=tinker/ore_tin,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/ore_tin.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_shiny_flow,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_shiny_flow.png
texture:id=tinker/compressed_aluminum,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/compressed_aluminum.png
texture:id=tinker/glass/stainedglass_gray,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/glass/stainedglass_gray.png
texture:id=tinker/glass/stainedglass_cyan,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/glass/stainedglass_cyan.png
texture:id=tinker/torch_stone,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/torch_stone.png
texture:id=tinker/glass/stained/light_gray/glass,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/glass/stained/light_gray/glass.png
texture:id=tinker/nether_searedroad,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/nether_searedroad.png
texture:id=minecraft/wool_colored_silver,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/wool_colored_silver.png
texture:id=tinker/crops/berry_gold_ripe_fast,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/crops/berry_gold_ripe_fast.png
texture:id=tinker/smeltery_side,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/smeltery_side.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_glass_flow,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_glass_flow.png
texture:id=tinker/toolforge_gold,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/toolforge_gold.png
texture:id=tinker/sdx_bottom_green,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/sdx_bottom_green.png
texture:id=tinker/stenciltable_jungle_top,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/stenciltable_jungle_top.png
texture:id=tinker/bricks/brick_blueslime,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/bricks/brick_blueslime.png
texture:id=tinker/furnaceslab_front,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/furnaceslab_front.png
texture:id=tinker/nether_searedcobble,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/nether_searedcobble.png
texture:id=tinker/toolforge_alubrass,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/toolforge_alubrass.png
texture:id=tinker/crops/berry_copper_ripe_fast,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/crops/berry_copper_ripe_fast.png
texture:id=tinker/ore_tin_gravel,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/ore_tin_gravel.png
texture:id=tinker/stenciltable_oak_side,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/stenciltable_oak_side.png
texture:id=tinker/nether_searedwindow_side,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/nether_searedwindow_side.png
texture:id=tinker/brownstone_smooth,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/brownstone_smooth.png
texture:id=tinker/sdx_side_green,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/sdx_side_green.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_glass,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_glass.png
texture:id=tinker/toolforge_manyullyn,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/toolforge_manyullyn.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_obsidian_flow,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_obsidian_flow.png
texture:id=tinker/bricks/fancybrick_stone,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/bricks/fancybrick_stone.png
texture:id=tinker/searedgague_side,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/searedgague_side.png
texture:id=tinker/Landmine,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/Landmine.png
texture:id=tinker/nether_blockcast_bottom,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/nether_blockcast_bottom.png
texture:id=tinker/glass/stainedglass_lightgray,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/glass/stainedglass_lightgray.png
texture:id=tinker/searedcreeper,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/searedcreeper.png
texture:id=tinker/glass/stainedglass_lime,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/glass/stainedglass_lime.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_ender,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_ender.png
texture:id=tinker/castingtable_top,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/castingtable_top.png
texture:id=tinker/brownstone_smooth_chiseled,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/brownstone_smooth_chiseled.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_steel_flow,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_steel_flow.png
texture:id=tinker/brownstone_smooth_road,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/brownstone_smooth_road.png
texture:id=tinker/glass/stainedglass_blue,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/glass/stainedglass_blue.png
texture:id=tinker/bricks/fancybrick_blueslime,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/bricks/fancybrick_blueslime.png
texture:id=tinker/slimegrass_green_dirt_side,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/slimegrass_green_dirt_side.png
texture:id=tinker/patternchest_bottom,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/patternchest_bottom.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_tin_flow,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_tin_flow.png
texture:id=minecraft/diamond_block,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/diamond_block.png
texture:id=tinker/nether_cobalt,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/nether_cobalt.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_invar_flow,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_invar_flow.png
texture:id=tinker/bricks/brick_obsidian_ingot,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/bricks/brick_obsidian_ingot.png
texture:id=tinker/castingtable_side,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/castingtable_side.png
texture:id=tinker/crops/berry_aluminum_fast,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/crops/berry_aluminum_fast.png
texture:id=tinker/greencurrent_flow,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/greencurrent_flow.png
texture:id=tinker/woodrail_turn,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/woodrail_turn.png
texture:id=minecraft/wool_colored_black,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/wool_colored_black.png
texture:id=tinker/lavatank_top,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/lavatank_top.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_steel,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_steel.png
texture:id=tinker/glass/stained/magenta/glass,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/glass/stained/magenta/glass.png
texture:id=tinker/toolforge_diamond,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/toolforge_diamond.png
texture:id=tinker/bricks/brick_endstone,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/bricks/brick_endstone.png
texture:id=tinker/slimesand,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/slimesand.png
texture:id=tinker/glass/stained/lime/glass,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/glass/stained/lime/glass.png
texture:id=tinker/glass/clear/glass,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/glass/clear/glass.png
texture:id=minecraft/wool_colored_blue,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/wool_colored_blue.png
texture:id=tinker/slime_blue,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/slime_blue.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_silver,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_silver.png
texture:id=tinker/greencurrent,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/greencurrent.png
texture:id=minecraft/gold_block,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/gold_block.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_electrum_flow,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_electrum_flow.png
texture:id=tinker/partbuilder_oak_top,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/partbuilder_oak_top.png
texture:id=tinker/slimegrass_blue_tall,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/slimegrass_blue_tall.png
texture:id=tinker/ore_copper,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/ore_copper.png
texture:id=tinker/sdx_top_blue,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/sdx_top_blue.png
texture:id=tinker/searedbrick,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/searedbrick.png
texture:id=tinker/craftingstation_top,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/craftingstation_top.png
texture:id=tinker/stenciltable_oak_top,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/stenciltable_oak_top.png
texture:id=tinker/nether_smeltery_inactive,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/nether_smeltery_inactive.png
texture:id=tinker/toolforge_copper,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/toolforge_copper.png
texture:id=tinker/glass/stained/orange/glass,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/glass/stained/orange/glass.png
texture:id=tinker/furnaceslab_side,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/furnaceslab_side.png
texture:id=tinker/compressed_cobalt,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/compressed_cobalt.png
texture:id=tinker/nether_blockcast_side,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/nether_blockcast_side.png
texture:id=tinker/glass/stainedglass_purple,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/glass/stainedglass_purple.png
texture:id=tinker/glass/stainedglass_yellow,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/glass/stainedglass_yellow.png
texture:id=tinker/partbuilder_birch_top,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/partbuilder_birch_top.png
texture:id=tinker/glass/stained/purple/glass,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/glass/stained/purple/glass.png
texture:id=tinker/glass/stainedglass_black,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/glass/stainedglass_black.png
texture:id=tinker/graveyardsoil,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/graveyardsoil.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_ender_flow,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_ender_flow.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_glue_flow,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_glue_flow.png
texture:id=tinker/compressed_ardite,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/compressed_ardite.png
texture:id=minecraft/dirt,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/dirt.png
texture:id=tinker/glass/stainedglass_magenta,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/glass/stainedglass_magenta.png
texture:id=tinker/ore_cobalt_gravel,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/ore_cobalt_gravel.png
texture:id=tinker/brownstone_rough,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/brownstone_rough.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_copper_flow,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_copper_flow.png
texture:id=tinker/slimeblock_purple,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/slimeblock_purple.png
texture:id=tinker/toolforge_alumite,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/toolforge_alumite.png
texture:id=tinker/ore_iron_gravel,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/ore_iron_gravel.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_electrum,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_electrum.png
texture:id=tinker/nether_searedgague_bottom,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/nether_searedgague_bottom.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_silver_flow,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_silver_flow.png
texture:id=tinker/toolforge_tin,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/toolforge_tin.png
texture:id=tinker/compressed_ender,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/compressed_ender.png
texture:id=tinker/glass/stained/pink/glass,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/glass/stained/pink/glass.png
texture:id=tinker/searedwindow_side,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/searedwindow_side.png
texture:id=tinker/slimegrass_green_blue_side,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/slimegrass_green_blue_side.png
texture:id=tinker/crops/berry_gold_fast,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/crops/berry_gold_fast.png
texture:id=tinker/sdx_side_blue,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/sdx_side_blue.png
texture:id=tinker/blockcast_bottom,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/blockcast_bottom.png
texture:id=tinker/stenciltable_birch_side,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/stenciltable_birch_side.png
texture:id=minecraft/log_birch,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/log_birch.png
texture:id=tinker/ore_gold_gravel,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/ore_gold_gravel.png
texture:id=minecraft/wool_colored_magenta,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/wool_colored_magenta.png
texture:id=tinker/compressed_bronze,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/compressed_bronze.png
texture:id=tinker/nether_searedwindow_bottom,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/nether_searedwindow_bottom.png
texture:id=tinker/searedbricksquare,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/searedbricksquare.png
texture:id=tinker/searedcobble,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/searedcobble.png
texture:id=tinker/craftingstation_slab_side,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/craftingstation_slab_side.png
texture:id=tinker/nether_searedbrick,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/nether_searedbrick.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_gold_flow,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_gold_flow.png
texture:id=tinker/compressed_alumite,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/compressed_alumite.png
texture:id=tinker/glass/stained/green/glass,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/glass/stained/green/glass.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_aluminum_flow,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_aluminum_flow.png
texture:id=tinker/glue,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/glue.png
texture:id=tinker/searedgague_top,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/searedgague_top.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_ferrous_flow,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_ferrous_flow.png
texture:id=tinker/smeltery_inactive,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/smeltery_inactive.png
texture:id=tinker/lavatank_side,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/lavatank_side.png
texture:id=tinker/partbuilder_spruce_top,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/partbuilder_spruce_top.png
texture:id=tinker/crops/berry_essence_ripe_fast,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/crops/berry_essence_ripe_fast.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_glue,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_glue.png
texture:id=tinker/bricks/fancybrick_iron,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/bricks/fancybrick_iron.png
texture:id=tinker/stenciltable_spruce_bottom,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/stenciltable_spruce_bottom.png
texture:id=tinker/glass/stained/white/glass,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/glass/stained/white/glass.png
texture:id=tinker/nether_smeltery_side,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/nether_smeltery_side.png
texture:id=tinker/bricks/brick_iron,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/bricks/brick_iron.png
texture:id=tinker/toolforge_emerald,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/toolforge_emerald.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_iron,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_iron.png
texture:id=minecraft/log_spruce,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/log_spruce.png
texture:id=minecraft/wool_colored_green,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/wool_colored_green.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_tin,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_tin.png
texture:id=tinker/bricks/brick_bone,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/bricks/brick_bone.png
texture:id=tinker/bricks/fancybrick_stone_refined,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/bricks/fancybrick_stone_refined.png
texture:id=minecraft/wool_colored_pink,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/wool_colored_pink.png
texture:id=tinker/nether_searedbrickcracked,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/nether_searedbrickcracked.png
texture:id=tinker/searedstone,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/searedstone.png
texture:id=tinker/consecratedsoil,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/consecratedsoil.png
texture:id=tinker/partbuilder_jungle_side,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/partbuilder_jungle_side.png
texture:id=tinker/sdx_top_green,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/sdx_top_green.png
texture:id=tinker/stenciltable_jungle_bottom,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/stenciltable_jungle_bottom.png
texture:id=tinker/stenciltable_spruce_side,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/stenciltable_spruce_side.png
texture:id=tinker/crops/berry_essence_fast,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/crops/berry_essence_fast.png
texture:id=tinker/slimesandblue,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/slimesandblue.png
texture:id=tinker/stenciltable_oak_bottom,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/stenciltable_oak_bottom.png
texture:id=tinker/ham_skin,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/ham_skin.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_cobalt,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_cobalt.png
texture:id=tinker/partbuilder_spruce_side,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/partbuilder_spruce_side.png
texture:id=tinker/toolforge_cobalt,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/toolforge_cobalt.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_cobalt_flow,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_cobalt_flow.png
texture:id=tinker/nether_slag,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/nether_slag.png
texture:id=tinker/castingtable_bottom,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/castingtable_bottom.png
texture:id=tinker/crops/berry_iron_fast,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/crops/berry_iron_fast.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_stone,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_stone.png
texture:id=tinker/bricks/brick_redstone,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/bricks/brick_redstone.png
texture:id=tinker/glass/stained/cyan/glass,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/glass/stained/cyan/glass.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_iron_flow,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_iron_flow.png
texture:id=tinker/searedgague_bottom,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/searedgague_bottom.png
texture:id=tinker/bricks/fancybrick_sandstone,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/bricks/fancybrick_sandstone.png
texture:id=tinker/bricks/brick_stone_refined,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/bricks/brick_stone_refined.png
texture:id=tinker/partbuilder_spruce_bottom,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/partbuilder_spruce_bottom.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_ferrous,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_ferrous.png
texture:id=tinker/searedwindow_bottom,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/searedwindow_bottom.png
texture:id=tinker/ore_copper_gravel,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/ore_copper_gravel.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_lead_flow,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_lead_flow.png
texture:id=tinker/slimeleaves_blue_fast,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/slimeleaves_blue_fast.png
texture:id=tinker/bricks/brick_gold,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/bricks/brick_gold.png
texture:id=tinker/toolstation_bottom,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/toolstation_bottom.png
texture:id=tinker/nether_grout,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/nether_grout.png
texture:id=tinker/crops/berry_iron_ripe_fast,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/crops/berry_iron_ripe_fast.png
texture:id=tinker/patternchest_top,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/patternchest_top.png
texture:id=minecraft/iron_block,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/iron_block.png
texture:id=tinker/bricks/fancybrick_netherrack,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/bricks/fancybrick_netherrack.png
texture:id=tinker/ore_aluminum_gravel,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/ore_aluminum_gravel.png
texture:id=tinker/toolforge_slab_side,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/toolforge_slab_side.png
texture:id=tinker/searedroad,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/searedroad.png
texture:id=tinker/nether_lavatank_top,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/nether_lavatank_top.png
texture:id=tinker/searedpaver,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/searedpaver.png
texture:id=tinker/bricks/fancybrick_obsidian,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/bricks/fancybrick_obsidian.png
texture:id=tinker/nether_drain_side,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/nether_drain_side.png
texture:id=tinker/compressed_alubrass,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/compressed_alubrass.png
texture:id=minecraft/wool_colored_lime,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/wool_colored_lime.png
texture:id=tinker/slimesapling_blue,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/slimesapling_blue.png
texture:id=tinker/toolstation_side,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/toolstation_side.png
texture:id=tinker/glass/stained/yellow/glass,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/glass/stained/yellow/glass.png
texture:id=tinker/crops/berry_tin_ripe_fast,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/crops/berry_tin_ripe_fast.png
texture:id=tinker/bricks/brick_obsidian,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/bricks/brick_obsidian.png
texture:id=tinker/glass/stainedglass_red,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/glass/stainedglass_red.png
texture:id=tinker/glass/stainedglass_pink,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/glass/stainedglass_pink.png
texture:id=tinker/stenciltable_birch_top,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/stenciltable_birch_top.png
texture:id=minecraft/furnace_top,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/furnace_top.png
texture:id=tinker/compressed_manyullyn,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/compressed_manyullyn.png
texture:id=tinker/nether_faucet,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/nether_faucet.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_villager_flow,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_villager_flow.png
texture:id=tinker/nether_searedgague_side,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/nether_searedgague_side.png
texture:id=tinker/nether_castingtable_side,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/nether_castingtable_side.png
texture:id=tinker/partbuilder_jungle_top,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/partbuilder_jungle_top.png
texture:id=tinker/nether_searedstone,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/nether_searedstone.png
texture:id=tinker/bricks/fancybrick_endstone,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/bricks/fancybrick_endstone.png
texture:id=tinker/nether_ardite,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/nether_ardite.png
texture:id=tinker/bricks/brick_sandstone,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/bricks/brick_sandstone.png
texture:id=tinker/ore_aluminum,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/ore_aluminum.png
texture:id=tinker/glass/stainedglass_orange,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/glass/stainedglass_orange.png
texture:id=tinker/punji,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/punji.png
texture:id=tinker/slimeblock_green,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/slimeblock_green.png
texture:id=tinker/slime_blue_flow,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/slime_blue_flow.png
texture:id=tinker/crops/berry_tin_fast,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/crops/berry_tin_fast.png
texture:id=tinker/slimegrass_green_top,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/slimegrass_green_top.png
texture:id=tinker/toolforge_top,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/toolforge_top.png
texture:id=tinker/nether_searedgague_top,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/nether_searedgague_top.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_bronze_flow,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_bronze_flow.png
texture:id=tinker/crops/berry_aluminum_ripe_fast,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/crops/berry_aluminum_ripe_fast.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_cow_flow,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_cow_flow.png
texture:id=tinker/brownstone_rough_road,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/brownstone_rough_road.png
texture:id=tinker/nether_castingtable_top,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/nether_castingtable_top.png
texture:id=tinker/partbuilder_slab_side,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/partbuilder_slab_side.png
texture:id=tinker/craftingstation_bottom,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/craftingstation_bottom.png
texture:id=tinker/compressed_steel,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/compressed_steel.png
texture:id=tinker/nether_castingtable_bottom,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/nether_castingtable_bottom.png
texture:id=tinker/brownstone_smooth_fancy,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/brownstone_smooth_fancy.png
texture:id=tinker/faucet,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/faucet.png
texture:id=minecraft/wool_colored_purple,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/wool_colored_purple.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_alumite,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_alumite.png
texture:id=tinker/glass/stained/brown/glass,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/glass/stained/brown/glass.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_gold,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_gold.png
texture:id=tinker/bricks/brick_slime,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/bricks/brick_slime.png
texture:id=tinker/craftingstation_side,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/craftingstation_side.png
texture:id=tinker/bricks/fancybrick_redstone,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/bricks/fancybrick_redstone.png
texture:id=tinker/nether_searedbrickfancy,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/nether_searedbrickfancy.png
texture:id=minecraft/wool_colored_cyan,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/wool_colored_cyan.png
texture:id=tinker/toolforge_steel,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/toolforge_steel.png
texture:id=tinker/glass/stainedglass_green,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/glass/stainedglass_green.png
texture:id=tinker/stenciltable_birch_bottom,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/stenciltable_birch_bottom.png
texture:id=tinker/toolstation_top,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/toolstation_top.png
texture:id=tinker/ore_slag,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/ore_slag.png
texture:id=tinker/liquid_shiny,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/liquid_shiny.png
texture:id=tinker/stenciltable_spruce_top,filename=assets/tinker/textures/blocks/stenciltable_spruce_top.png


# Multi_Brick_Fancy:* (decoration.multibrickfancy), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=tconstruct.blocks.MultiBrickFancy
block:id=Multi_Brick_Fancy,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/bricks/fancybrick_obsidian
block:id=Multi_Brick_Fancy,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/bricks/fancybrick_sandstone
block:id=Multi_Brick_Fancy,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/bricks/fancybrick_netherrack
block:id=Multi_Brick_Fancy,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/bricks/fancybrick_stone_refined
block:id=Multi_Brick_Fancy,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/bricks/fancybrick_iron
block:id=Multi_Brick_Fancy,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/bricks/fancybrick_gold
block:id=Multi_Brick_Fancy,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/bricks/fancybrick_lapis
block:id=Multi_Brick_Fancy,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/bricks/fancybrick_diamond
block:id=Multi_Brick_Fancy,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/bricks/fancybrick_redstone
block:id=Multi_Brick_Fancy,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/bricks/fancybrick_bone
block:id=Multi_Brick_Fancy,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/bricks/fancybrick_slime
block:id=Multi_Brick_Fancy,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/bricks/fancybrick_blueslime
block:id=Multi_Brick_Fancy,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/bricks/fancybrick_endstone
block:id=Multi_Brick_Fancy,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/bricks/fancybrick_obsidian_ingot
block:id=Multi_Brick_Fancy,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/bricks/fancybrick_stone
block:id=Multi_Brick_Fancy,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/bricks/road_stone
# Tool_Forge:* (ToolForgeBlock), render=70(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.ToolForgeBlock
block:id=Tool_Forge,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/iron_block,face1=0:tinker/toolforge_top,face2-5=0:tinker/toolforge_iron
block:id=Tool_Forge,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/gold_block,face1=0:tinker/toolforge_top,face2-5=0:tinker/toolforge_gold
block:id=Tool_Forge,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/diamond_block,face1=0:tinker/toolforge_top,face2-5=0:tinker/toolforge_diamond
block:id=Tool_Forge,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/emerald_block,face1=0:tinker/toolforge_top,face2-5=0:tinker/toolforge_emerald
block:id=Tool_Forge,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:tinker/compressed_cobalt,face1=0:tinker/toolforge_top,face2-5=0:tinker/toolforge_cobalt
block:id=Tool_Forge,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:tinker/compressed_ardite,face1=0:tinker/toolforge_top,face2-5=0:tinker/toolforge_ardite
block:id=Tool_Forge,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:tinker/compressed_manyullyn,face1=0:tinker/toolforge_top,face2-5=0:tinker/toolforge_manyullyn
block:id=Tool_Forge,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:tinker/compressed_copper,face1=0:tinker/toolforge_top,face2-5=0:tinker/toolforge_copper
block:id=Tool_Forge,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:tinker/compressed_bronze,face1=0:tinker/toolforge_top,face2-5=0:tinker/toolforge_bronze
block:id=Tool_Forge,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:tinker/compressed_tin,face1=0:tinker/toolforge_top,face2-5=0:tinker/toolforge_tin
block:id=Tool_Forge,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:tinker/compressed_aluminum,face1=0:tinker/toolforge_top,face2-5=0:tinker/toolforge_aluminum
block:id=Tool_Forge,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:tinker/compressed_alubrass,face1=0:tinker/toolforge_top,face2-5=0:tinker/toolforge_alubrass
block:id=Tool_Forge,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:tinker/compressed_alumite,face1=0:tinker/toolforge_top,face2-5=0:tinker/toolforge_alumite
block:id=Tool_Forge,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:tinker/compressed_steel,face1=0:tinker/toolforge_top,face2-5=0:tinker/toolforge_steel
block:id=Tool_Forge,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:tinker/compressed_ender,face1=0:tinker/toolforge_top
block:id=Tool_Forge,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:tinker/compressed_cobalt,face1=0:tinker/toolforge_top
# Oak_Barricade:* (trap.barricade.oak), render=76(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.traps.BarricadeBlock
block:id=Oak_Barricade,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/log_oak
# Landmine:* (Redstone.Landmine), render=80(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.BlockLandmine
block:id=Landmine,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/Landmine
# Wood_Tool_Station:* (ToolStationBlock), render=69(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.ToolStationBlock
block:id=Wood_Tool_Station,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:tinker/toolstation_bottom,face1=0:tinker/toolstation_top,face2-5=0:tinker/toolstation_side
block:id=Wood_Tool_Station,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:tinker/partbuilder_oak_bottom,face1=0:tinker/partbuilder_oak_top,face2-5=0:tinker/partbuilder_oak_side
block:id=Wood_Tool_Station,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:tinker/partbuilder_spruce_bottom,face1=0:tinker/partbuilder_spruce_top,face2-5=0:tinker/partbuilder_spruce_side
block:id=Wood_Tool_Station,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:tinker/partbuilder_birch_bottom,face1=0:tinker/partbuilder_birch_top,face2-5=0:tinker/partbuilder_birch_side
block:id=Wood_Tool_Station,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:tinker/partbuilder_jungle_bottom,face1=0:tinker/partbuilder_jungle_top,face2-5=0:tinker/partbuilder_jungle_side
block:id=Wood_Tool_Station,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:tinker/patternchest_bottom,face1=0:tinker/patternchest_top,face2-5=0:tinker/patternchest_side
block:id=Wood_Tool_Station,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:tinker/stenciltable_oak_bottom,face1=0:tinker/stenciltable_oak_top,face2-5=0:tinker/stenciltable_oak_side
block:id=Wood_Tool_Station,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:tinker/stenciltable_spruce_bottom,face1=0:tinker/stenciltable_spruce_top,face2-5=0:tinker/stenciltable_spruce_side
block:id=Wood_Tool_Station,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:tinker/stenciltable_birch_bottom,face1=0:tinker/stenciltable_birch_top,face2-5=0:tinker/stenciltable_birch_side
block:id=Wood_Tool_Station,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:tinker/stenciltable_jungle_bottom,face1=0:tinker/stenciltable_jungle_top,face2-5=0:tinker/stenciltable_jungle_side
# Held_Item_Block:* (HeldItemBlock), render=71(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.EquipBlock
block:id=Held_Item_Block,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/iron_block
# Lava_Tank:* (LavaTank), render=72(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.LavaTankBlock
block:id=Lava_Tank,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:tinker/lavatank_top,face2-5=0:tinker/lavatank_side
block:id=Lava_Tank,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:tinker/searedgague_bottom,face1=0:tinker/searedgague_top,face2-5=0:tinker/searedgague_side
block:id=Lava_Tank,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:tinker/searedwindow_bottom,face1=0:tinker/searedwindow_top,face2-5=0:tinker/searedwindow_side
block:id=Lava_Tank,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:tinker/lavatank_top,face2-5=0:tinker/lavatank_side
# Smeltery:* (Smeltery), render=85(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=tconstruct.blocks.SmelteryBlock
block:id=Smeltery,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-2=0:tinker/smeltery_side,face3=0:tinker/smeltery_inactive,face4-5=0:tinker/smeltery_side
block:id=Smeltery,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-2=0:tinker/drain_side,face3=0:tinker/drain_out,face4-5=0:tinker/drain_side
block:id=Smeltery,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/searedbrick
block:id=Smeltery,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/searedstone
block:id=Smeltery,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/searedcobble
block:id=Smeltery,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/searedpaver
block:id=Smeltery,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/searedbrickcracked
block:id=Smeltery,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/searedroad
block:id=Smeltery,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/searedbrickfancy
block:id=Smeltery,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/searedbricksquare
block:id=Smeltery,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:tinker/searedpaver,face2-5=0:tinker/searedcreeper
# Ores_Slag:* (SearedBrick), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=tconstruct.blocks.MetalOre
block:id=Ores_Slag,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/nether_slag
block:id=Ores_Slag,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/nether_cobalt
block:id=Ores_Slag,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/nether_ardite
block:id=Ores_Slag,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/ore_copper
block:id=Ores_Slag,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/ore_tin
block:id=Ores_Slag,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/ore_aluminum
block:id=Ores_Slag,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/ore_slag
block:id=Ores_Slag,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/nether_slag
# Special_Soil:* (CraftedSoil), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=tconstruct.blocks.SoilBlock
block:id=Special_Soil,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/slimesand
block:id=Special_Soil,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/grout
block:id=Special_Soil,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/slimesandblue
block:id=Special_Soil,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/graveyardsoil
block:id=Special_Soil,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/consecratedsoil
block:id=Special_Soil,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/slimedirt_blue
block:id=Special_Soil,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/nether_grout
block:id=Special_Soil,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/slimesand
# Seared_Table:* (SearedBlock), render=74(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.SearedBlock
block:id=Seared_Table,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:tinker/castingtable_bottom,face1=0:tinker/castingtable_top,face2-5=0:tinker/castingtable_side
block:id=Seared_Table,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/faucet
block:id=Seared_Table,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:tinker/blockcast_bottom,face1=0:tinker/blockcast_top,face2-5=0:tinker/blockcast_side
block:id=Seared_Table,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/faucet
# Metal_Storage:* (MetalBlock), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=tconstruct.blocks.TMetalBlock
block:id=Metal_Storage,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/compressed_cobalt
block:id=Metal_Storage,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/compressed_ardite
block:id=Metal_Storage,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/compressed_manyullyn
block:id=Metal_Storage,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/compressed_copper
block:id=Metal_Storage,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/compressed_bronze
block:id=Metal_Storage,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/compressed_tin
block:id=Metal_Storage,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/compressed_aluminum
block:id=Metal_Storage,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/compressed_alubrass
block:id=Metal_Storage,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/compressed_alumite
block:id=Metal_Storage,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/compressed_steel
block:id=Metal_Storage,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/compressed_ender
block:id=Metal_Storage,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/compressed_cobalt
# Stone_Ladder:* (decoration.stoneladder), render=8(LADDER), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.StoneLadder
block:id=Stone_Ladder,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:tinker/ladder_stone
# Multi_Brick:* (decoration.multibrick), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=tconstruct.blocks.MultiBrick
block:id=Multi_Brick,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/bricks/brick_obsidian
block:id=Multi_Brick,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/bricks/brick_sandstone
block:id=Multi_Brick,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/bricks/brick_netherrack
block:id=Multi_Brick,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/bricks/brick_stone_refined
block:id=Multi_Brick,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/bricks/brick_iron
block:id=Multi_Brick,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/bricks/brick_gold
block:id=Multi_Brick,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/bricks/brick_lapis
block:id=Multi_Brick,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/bricks/brick_diamond
block:id=Multi_Brick,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/bricks/brick_redstone
block:id=Multi_Brick,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/bricks/brick_bone
block:id=Multi_Brick,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/bricks/brick_slime
block:id=Multi_Brick,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/bricks/brick_blueslime
block:id=Multi_Brick,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/bricks/brick_endstone
block:id=Multi_Brick,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/bricks/brick_obsidian_ingot
block:id=Multi_Brick,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/bricks/brick_obsidian
# Spruce_Barricade:* (trap.barricade.spruce), render=76(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.traps.BarricadeBlock
block:id=Spruce_Barricade,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/log_spruce
# Birch_Barricade:* (trap.barricade.birch), render=76(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.traps.BarricadeBlock
block:id=Birch_Barricade,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/log_birch
# Stone_Torch:* (decoration.stonetorch), render=2(TORCH), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.StoneTorch
block:id=Stone_Torch,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:tinker/torch_stone
# Ore_Berry_One:* (ore.berries.one), render=75(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.OreberryBush
block:id=Ore_Berry_One,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/crops/berry_iron_fast
block:id=Ore_Berry_One,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/crops/berry_gold_fast
block:id=Ore_Berry_One,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/crops/berry_copper_fast
block:id=Ore_Berry_One,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/crops/berry_tin_fast
block:id=Ore_Berry_One,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/crops/berry_iron_fast
block:id=Ore_Berry_One,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/crops/berry_gold_fast
block:id=Ore_Berry_One,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/crops/berry_copper_fast
block:id=Ore_Berry_One,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/crops/berry_tin_fast
block:id=Ore_Berry_One,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/crops/berry_iron_fast
block:id=Ore_Berry_One,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/crops/berry_gold_fast
block:id=Ore_Berry_One,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/crops/berry_copper_fast
block:id=Ore_Berry_One,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/crops/berry_tin_fast
block:id=Ore_Berry_One,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/crops/berry_iron_ripe_fast
block:id=Ore_Berry_One,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/crops/berry_gold_ripe_fast
block:id=Ore_Berry_One,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/crops/berry_copper_ripe_fast
block:id=Ore_Berry_One,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/crops/berry_tin_ripe_fast
# Ore_Berry_Two:* (ore.berries.two), render=75(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.OreberryBushEssence
block:id=Ore_Berry_Two,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/crops/berry_aluminum_fast
block:id=Ore_Berry_Two,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/crops/berry_essence_fast
block:id=Ore_Berry_Two,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/crops/berry_aluminum_fast
block:id=Ore_Berry_Two,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/crops/berry_essence_fast
block:id=Ore_Berry_Two,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/crops/berry_aluminum_fast
block:id=Ore_Berry_Two,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/crops/berry_essence_fast
block:id=Ore_Berry_Two,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/crops/berry_aluminum_ripe_fast
block:id=Ore_Berry_Two,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/crops/berry_essence_ripe_fast
# Jungle_Barricade:* (trap.barricade.jungle), render=76(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.traps.BarricadeBlock
block:id=Jungle_Barricade,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/log_jungle
# Ores_Gravel:* (GravelOre), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=tconstruct.blocks.GravelOre
block:id=Ores_Gravel,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/ore_iron_gravel
block:id=Ores_Gravel,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/ore_gold_gravel
block:id=Ores_Gravel,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/ore_copper_gravel
block:id=Ores_Gravel,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/ore_tin_gravel
block:id=Ores_Gravel,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/ore_aluminum_gravel
block:id=Ores_Gravel,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/ore_cobalt_gravel
# Speed_Block:* (SpeedBlock), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=tconstruct.blocks.SpeedBlock
block:id=Speed_Block,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/brownstone_rough
block:id=Speed_Block,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/brownstone_rough_road
block:id=Speed_Block,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/brownstone_smooth
block:id=Speed_Block,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/brownstone_smooth_brick
block:id=Speed_Block,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/brownstone_smooth_road
block:id=Speed_Block,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/brownstone_smooth_fancy
block:id=Speed_Block,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/brownstone_smooth_chiseled
block:id=Speed_Block,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/brownstone_rough
# Nether_Lava_Tank:* (LavaTankNether), render=72(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.LavaTankBlock
block:id=Nether_Lava_Tank,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:tinker/nether_lavatank_top,face2-5=0:tinker/nether_lavatank_side
block:id=Nether_Lava_Tank,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:tinker/nether_searedgague_bottom,face1=0:tinker/nether_searedgague_top,face2-5=0:tinker/nether_searedgague_side
block:id=Nether_Lava_Tank,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:tinker/nether_searedwindow_bottom,face1=0:tinker/nether_searedwindow_top,face2-5=0:tinker/nether_searedwindow_side
block:id=Nether_Lava_Tank,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:tinker/nether_lavatank_top,face2-5=0:tinker/nether_lavatank_side
# Nether_Smeltery:* (SmelteryNether), render=85(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=tconstruct.blocks.SmelteryBlock
block:id=Nether_Smeltery,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-2=0:tinker/nether_smeltery_side,face3=0:tinker/nether_smeltery_inactive,face4-5=0:tinker/nether_smeltery_side
block:id=Nether_Smeltery,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-2=0:tinker/nether_drain_side,face3=0:tinker/nether_drain_out,face4-5=0:tinker/nether_drain_side
block:id=Nether_Smeltery,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/nether_searedbrick
block:id=Nether_Smeltery,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/nether_searedstone
block:id=Nether_Smeltery,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/nether_searedcobble
block:id=Nether_Smeltery,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/nether_searedpaver
block:id=Nether_Smeltery,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/nether_searedbrickcracked
block:id=Nether_Smeltery,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/nether_searedroad
block:id=Nether_Smeltery,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/nether_searedbrickfancy
block:id=Nether_Smeltery,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/nether_searedbricksquare
block:id=Nether_Smeltery,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:tinker/nether_searedpaver,face2-5=0:tinker/nether_searedcreeper
# Nether_Seared_Block:* (SearedBlockNether), render=74(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.SearedBlock
block:id=Nether_Seared_Block,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:tinker/nether_castingtable_bottom,face1=0:tinker/nether_castingtable_top,face2-5=0:tinker/nether_castingtable_side
block:id=Nether_Seared_Block,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/nether_faucet
block:id=Nether_Seared_Block,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:tinker/nether_blockcast_bottom,face1=0:tinker/nether_blockcast_top,face2-5=0:tinker/nether_blockcast_side
block:id=Nether_Seared_Block,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/nether_faucet
# Blood_Channel:* (blood.channel), render=83(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.ConveyorBase
block:id=Blood_Channel,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:tinker/liquid_cow,face1=0:tinker/liquid_cow_flow,face2-5=0:tinker/liquid_cow
block:id=Blood_Channel,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/liquid_cow
# Slime_Channel:* (slime.channel), render=83(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.ConveyorBase
block:id=Slime_Channel,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:tinker/greencurrent,face1=0:tinker/greencurrent_flow,face2-5=0:tinker/greencurrent
block:id=Slime_Channel,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/greencurrent
# Slime_Pad:* (slime.pad), render=84(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.SlimePad
block:id=Slime_Pad,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/slimeblock_green
# Furnace_Slab:* (FurnaceSlab), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.FurnaceSlab
block:id=Furnace_Slab,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:minecraft/furnace_top,face2=0:tinker/furnaceslab_side,face3=0:tinker/furnaceslab_front,face4-5=0:tinker/furnaceslab_side
block:id=Furnace_Slab,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face3=0:minecraft/furnace_top
block:id=Furnace_Slab,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:minecraft/furnace_top,face2=0:tinker/furnaceslab_side,face3=0:tinker/furnaceslab_front,face4-5=0:tinker/furnaceslab_side
block:id=Furnace_Slab,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face3=0:minecraft/furnace_top
# Molten_Silver:* (metal.molten.silver), render=40(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.TConstructFluid
block:id=Molten_Silver,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:tinker/liquid_silver,face2-5=0:tinker/liquid_silver_flow
# Molten_Lead:* (metal.molten.lead), render=40(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.TConstructFluid
block:id=Molten_Lead,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:tinker/liquid_lead,face2-5=0:tinker/liquid_lead_flow
# Molten_Nickel:* (metal.molten.nickel), render=40(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.TConstructFluid
block:id=Molten_Nickel,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:tinker/liquid_ferrous,face2-5=0:tinker/liquid_ferrous_flow
# Molten_Platinum:* (metal.molten.shiny), render=40(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.TConstructFluid
block:id=Molten_Platinum,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:tinker/liquid_shiny,face2-5=0:tinker/liquid_shiny_flow
# Molten_Invar:* (metal.molten.invar), render=40(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.TConstructFluid
block:id=Molten_Invar,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:tinker/liquid_invar,face2-5=0:tinker/liquid_invar_flow
# Molten_Electrum:* (metal.molten.electrum), render=40(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.TConstructFluid
block:id=Molten_Electrum,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:tinker/liquid_electrum,face2-5=0:tinker/liquid_electrum_flow
# Molten_Iron:* (metal.molten.iron), render=40(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.TConstructFluid
block:id=Molten_Iron,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:tinker/liquid_iron,face2-5=0:tinker/liquid_iron_flow
# Molten_Gold:* (metal.molten.gold), render=40(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.TConstructFluid
block:id=Molten_Gold,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:tinker/liquid_gold,face2-5=0:tinker/liquid_gold_flow
# Molten_Copper:* (metal.molten.copper), render=40(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.TConstructFluid
block:id=Molten_Copper,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:tinker/liquid_copper,face2-5=0:tinker/liquid_copper_flow
# Molten_Tin:* (metal.molten.tin), render=40(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.TConstructFluid
block:id=Molten_Tin,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:tinker/liquid_tin,face2-5=0:tinker/liquid_tin_flow
# Molten_Aluminum:* (metal.molten.aluminum), render=40(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.TConstructFluid
block:id=Molten_Aluminum,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:tinker/liquid_aluminum,face2-5=0:tinker/liquid_aluminum_flow
# Molten_Cobalt:* (metal.molten.cobalt), render=40(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.TConstructFluid
block:id=Molten_Cobalt,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:tinker/liquid_cobalt,face2-5=0:tinker/liquid_cobalt_flow
# Molten_Ardite:* (metal.molten.ardite), render=40(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.TConstructFluid
block:id=Molten_Ardite,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:tinker/liquid_ardite,face2-5=0:tinker/liquid_ardite_flow
# Molten_Bronze:* (metal.molten.bronze), render=40(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.TConstructFluid
block:id=Molten_Bronze,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:tinker/liquid_bronze,face2-5=0:tinker/liquid_bronze_flow
# Molten_Aluminum_Brass:* (metal.molten.alubrass), render=40(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.TConstructFluid
block:id=Molten_Aluminum_Brass,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:tinker/liquid_alubrass,face2-5=0:tinker/liquid_alubrass_flow
# Molten_Manyullyn:* (metal.molten.manyullyn), render=40(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.TConstructFluid
block:id=Molten_Manyullyn,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:tinker/liquid_manyullyn,face2-5=0:tinker/liquid_manyullyn_flow
# Molten_Alumite:* (metal.molten.alumite), render=40(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.TConstructFluid
block:id=Molten_Alumite,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:tinker/liquid_alumite,face2-5=0:tinker/liquid_alumite_flow
# Molten_Obsidian:* (metal.molten.obsidian), render=40(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.TConstructFluid
block:id=Molten_Obsidian,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:tinker/liquid_obsidian,face2-5=0:tinker/liquid_obsidian_flow
# Molten_Steel:* (metal.molten.steel), render=40(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.TConstructFluid
block:id=Molten_Steel,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:tinker/liquid_steel,face2-5=0:tinker/liquid_steel_flow
# Molten_Glass:* (metal.molten.glass), render=40(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.TConstructFluid
block:id=Molten_Glass,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:tinker/liquid_glass,face2-5=0:tinker/liquid_glass_flow
# Molten_Stone:* (molten.stone), render=40(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.TConstructFluid
block:id=Molten_Stone,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:tinker/liquid_stone,face2-5=0:tinker/liquid_stone_flow
# Molten_Emerald:* (molten.emerald), render=40(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.TConstructFluid
block:id=Molten_Emerald,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:tinker/liquid_villager,face2-5=0:tinker/liquid_villager_flow
# Liquid_Cow:* (liquid.blood), render=40(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.BloodBlock
block:id=Liquid_Cow,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:tinker/liquid_cow,face2-5=0:tinker/liquid_cow_flow
# Molten_Ender:* (fluid.ender), render=40(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.TConstructFluid
block:id=Molten_Ender,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:tinker/liquid_ender,face2-5=0:tinker/liquid_ender_flow
# Glue_Block:* (GlueBlock), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=tconstruct.blocks.GlueBlock
block:id=Glue_Block,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/glue
# Glue_Fluid_Block:* (liquid.glue), render=40(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.GlueFluid
block:id=Glue_Fluid_Block,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:tinker/liquid_glue,face2-5=0:tinker/liquid_glue_flow
# Clear_Glass:* (GlassBlock), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.GlassBlockConnected
block:id=Clear_Glass,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/glass/clear/glass
# Clear_Stained_Glass:* (GlassBlock.StainedClear), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.GlassBlockConnectedMeta
block:id=Clear_Stained_Glass,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:tinker/glass/stained/white/glass
block:id=Clear_Stained_Glass,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:tinker/glass/stained/orange/glass
block:id=Clear_Stained_Glass,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:tinker/glass/stained/magenta/glass
block:id=Clear_Stained_Glass,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:tinker/glass/stained/light_blue/glass
block:id=Clear_Stained_Glass,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:tinker/glass/stained/yellow/glass
block:id=Clear_Stained_Glass,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:tinker/glass/stained/lime/glass
block:id=Clear_Stained_Glass,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:tinker/glass/stained/pink/glass
block:id=Clear_Stained_Glass,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:tinker/glass/stained/gray/glass
block:id=Clear_Stained_Glass,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:tinker/glass/stained/light_gray/glass
block:id=Clear_Stained_Glass,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:tinker/glass/stained/cyan/glass
block:id=Clear_Stained_Glass,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:tinker/glass/stained/purple/glass
block:id=Clear_Stained_Glass,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:tinker/glass/stained/blue/glass
block:id=Clear_Stained_Glass,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:tinker/glass/stained/brown/glass
block:id=Clear_Stained_Glass,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:tinker/glass/stained/green/glass
block:id=Clear_Stained_Glass,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:tinker/glass/stained/red/glass
block:id=Clear_Stained_Glass,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:tinker/glass/stained/black/glass
# Drying_Rack:* (Armor.DryingRack), render=77(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.DryingRack
block:id=Drying_Rack,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_oak
# Glass_Pane:* (GlassPane), render=79(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.GlassPaneConnected
block:id=Glass_Pane,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/glass/clear/glass
# Clear_Stained_Glass_Pane:* (GlassPaneClearStained), render=78(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.GlassPaneStained
block:id=Clear_Stained_Glass_Pane,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/glass/stainedglass_white
block:id=Clear_Stained_Glass_Pane,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/glass/stainedglass_orange
block:id=Clear_Stained_Glass_Pane,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/glass/stainedglass_magenta
block:id=Clear_Stained_Glass_Pane,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/glass/stainedglass_lightblue
block:id=Clear_Stained_Glass_Pane,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/glass/stainedglass_yellow
block:id=Clear_Stained_Glass_Pane,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/glass/stainedglass_lime
block:id=Clear_Stained_Glass_Pane,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/glass/stainedglass_pink
block:id=Clear_Stained_Glass_Pane,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/glass/stainedglass_gray
block:id=Clear_Stained_Glass_Pane,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/glass/stainedglass_lightgray
block:id=Clear_Stained_Glass_Pane,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/glass/stainedglass_cyan
block:id=Clear_Stained_Glass_Pane,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/glass/stainedglass_purple
block:id=Clear_Stained_Glass_Pane,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/glass/stainedglass_blue
block:id=Clear_Stained_Glass_Pane,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/glass/stainedglass_brown
block:id=Clear_Stained_Glass_Pane,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/glass/stainedglass_green
block:id=Clear_Stained_Glass_Pane,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/glass/stainedglass_red
block:id=Clear_Stained_Glass_Pane,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/glass/stainedglass_black
# Seared_Slab:* (SearedSlab), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.SearedSlab
block:id=Seared_Slab,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/searedbrick
block:id=Seared_Slab,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/searedstone
block:id=Seared_Slab,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/searedcobble
block:id=Seared_Slab,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/searedpaver
block:id=Seared_Slab,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/searedroad
block:id=Seared_Slab,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/searedbrickfancy
block:id=Seared_Slab,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/searedbricksquare
block:id=Seared_Slab,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:tinker/searedpaver,face2-5=0:tinker/searedcreeper
block:id=Seared_Slab,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/searedbrick
block:id=Seared_Slab,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/searedstone
block:id=Seared_Slab,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/searedcobble
block:id=Seared_Slab,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/searedpaver
block:id=Seared_Slab,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/searedroad
block:id=Seared_Slab,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/searedbrickfancy
block:id=Seared_Slab,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/searedbricksquare
block:id=Seared_Slab,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:tinker/searedpaver,face2-5=0:tinker/searedcreeper
# Speed_Slab:* (SpeedSlab), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.SpeedSlab
block:id=Speed_Slab,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/brownstone_rough
block:id=Speed_Slab,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/brownstone_rough_road
block:id=Speed_Slab,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/brownstone_smooth
block:id=Speed_Slab,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/brownstone_smooth_brick
block:id=Speed_Slab,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/brownstone_smooth_road
block:id=Speed_Slab,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/brownstone_smooth_fancy
block:id=Speed_Slab,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/brownstone_smooth_chiseled
block:id=Speed_Slab,data=7,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/brownstone_rough
block:id=Speed_Slab,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/brownstone_rough_road
block:id=Speed_Slab,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/brownstone_smooth
block:id=Speed_Slab,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/brownstone_smooth_brick
block:id=Speed_Slab,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/brownstone_smooth_road
block:id=Speed_Slab,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/brownstone_smooth_fancy
block:id=Speed_Slab,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/brownstone_smooth_chiseled
block:id=Speed_Slab,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/brownstone_rough
# Punji:* (trap.punji), render=81(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.traps.Punji
block:id=Punji,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/punji
# Crafting_Station:* (CraftingStation), render=69(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.CraftingStationBlock
block:id=Crafting_Station,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:tinker/craftingstation_bottom,face1=0:tinker/craftingstation_top,face2-5=0:tinker/craftingstation_side
# Liquid_Blue_Slime:* (liquid.slime), render=40(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.slime.SlimeFluid
block:id=Liquid_Blue_Slime,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:tinker/slime_blue,face2-5=0:tinker/slime_blue_flow
# Congealed_Slime:* (slime.gel), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=tconstruct.blocks.slime.SlimeGel
block:id=Congealed_Slime,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/slimeblock_blue
block:id=Congealed_Slime,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/slimeblock_green
block:id=Congealed_Slime,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/slimeblock_purple
block:id=Congealed_Slime,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/slimeblock_blue
# Slime_Grass:* (slime.grass), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=tconstruct.blocks.slime.SlimeGrass
block:id=Slime_Grass,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:tinker/slimedirt_blue,face1=0:tinker/slimegrass_green_top,face2-5=0:tinker/slimegrass_green_blue_side
block:id=Slime_Grass,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:tinker/slimegrass_green_top,face2-5=0:tinker/slimegrass_green_dirt_side
block:id=Slime_Grass,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:tinker/slimedirt_blue,face1=0:tinker/slimegrass_green_top,face2-5=0:tinker/slimegrass_green_blue_side
# Slime_Tall_Grass:* (slime.grass.tall), render=1(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.slime.SlimeTallGrass
block:id=Slime_Tall_Grass,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:tinker/slimegrass_blue_tall
# Slime_Grass_Leaves:* (slime.leaves), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=tconstruct.blocks.slime.SlimeLeaves
block:id=Slime_Grass_Leaves,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/slimeleaves_blue_fast
block:id=Slime_Grass_Leaves,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/slimeleaves_blue_fast
block:id=Slime_Grass_Leaves,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/slimeleaves_blue_fast
block:id=Slime_Grass_Leaves,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/slimeleaves_blue_fast
# Slime_Tree_Sapling:* (slime.sapling), render=1(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.slime.SlimeSapling
block:id=Slime_Tree_Sapling,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:tinker/slimesapling_blue
block:id=Slime_Tree_Sapling,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:tinker/slimesapling_blue
# Meat_Block:* (MeatBlock), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=tconstruct.blocks.MeatBlock
block:id=Meat_Block,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:tinker/ham_bone,face2-5=0:tinker/ham_skin
block:id=Meat_Block,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:tinker/ham_skin,face4-5=0:tinker/ham_bone
block:id=Meat_Block,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:tinker/ham_skin,face2-3=0:tinker/ham_bone,face4-5=0:tinker/ham_skin
block:id=Meat_Block,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:tinker/ham_skin
# Crafting_Slab:* (CraftingSlab), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.CraftingSlab
block:id=Crafting_Slab,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:tinker/craftingstation_bottom,face1=0:tinker/craftingstation_top,face2-5=0:tinker/craftingstation_slab_side
block:id=Crafting_Slab,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:tinker/toolstation_bottom,face1=0:tinker/toolstation_top,face2-5=0:tinker/toolstation_slab_side
block:id=Crafting_Slab,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:tinker/partbuilder_oak_bottom,face1=0:tinker/partbuilder_oak_top,face2-5=0:tinker/partbuilder_slab_side
block:id=Crafting_Slab,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:tinker/stenciltable_oak_bottom,face1=0:tinker/stenciltable_oak_top,face2-5=0:tinker/stenciltable_slab_side
block:id=Crafting_Slab,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:tinker/patternchest_bottom,face1=0:tinker/patternchest_top,face2-5=0:tinker/patternchest_slab_side
block:id=Crafting_Slab,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:tinker/toolforge_top,face2-5=0:tinker/toolforge_slab_side
block:id=Crafting_Slab,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:tinker/craftingstation_bottom,face1=0:tinker/craftingstation_top,face2-5=0:tinker/craftingstation_slab_side
block:id=Crafting_Slab,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:tinker/toolstation_bottom,face1=0:tinker/toolstation_top,face2-5=0:tinker/toolstation_slab_side
block:id=Crafting_Slab,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:tinker/partbuilder_oak_bottom,face1=0:tinker/partbuilder_oak_top,face2-5=0:tinker/partbuilder_slab_side
block:id=Crafting_Slab,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:tinker/stenciltable_oak_bottom,face1=0:tinker/stenciltable_oak_top,face2-5=0:tinker/stenciltable_slab_side
block:id=Crafting_Slab,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:tinker/patternchest_bottom,face1=0:tinker/patternchest_top,face2-5=0:tinker/patternchest_slab_side
block:id=Crafting_Slab,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:tinker/toolforge_top,face2-5=0:tinker/toolforge_slab_side
# Wool_Slab_1:* (WoolSlab1), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.SlabBase
block:id=Wool_Slab_1,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_white
block:id=Wool_Slab_1,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_orange
block:id=Wool_Slab_1,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_magenta
block:id=Wool_Slab_1,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_light_blue
block:id=Wool_Slab_1,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_yellow
block:id=Wool_Slab_1,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_lime
block:id=Wool_Slab_1,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_pink
block:id=Wool_Slab_1,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_gray
block:id=Wool_Slab_1,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_white
block:id=Wool_Slab_1,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_orange
block:id=Wool_Slab_1,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_magenta
block:id=Wool_Slab_1,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_light_blue
block:id=Wool_Slab_1,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_yellow
block:id=Wool_Slab_1,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_lime
block:id=Wool_Slab_1,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_pink
block:id=Wool_Slab_1,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_gray
# Wool_Slab_2:* (WoolSlab2), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.SlabBase
block:id=Wool_Slab_2,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_silver
block:id=Wool_Slab_2,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_cyan
block:id=Wool_Slab_2,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_purple
block:id=Wool_Slab_2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_blue
block:id=Wool_Slab_2,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_brown
block:id=Wool_Slab_2,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_green
block:id=Wool_Slab_2,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_red
block:id=Wool_Slab_2,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_black
block:id=Wool_Slab_2,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_silver
block:id=Wool_Slab_2,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_cyan
block:id=Wool_Slab_2,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_purple
block:id=Wool_Slab_2,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_blue
block:id=Wool_Slab_2,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_brown
block:id=Wool_Slab_2,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_green
block:id=Wool_Slab_2,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_red
block:id=Wool_Slab_2,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_black
# SDX:* (explosive.slime), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=tconstruct.blocks.SlimeExplosive
block:id=SDX,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:tinker/sdx_top_green,face1=0:tinker/sdx_bottom_green,face2-5=0:tinker/sdx_side_green
block:id=SDX,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:tinker/sdx_top_blue,face1=0:tinker/sdx_bottom_blue,face2-5=0:tinker/sdx_side_blue
# Casting_Channel:* (CastingChannel), render=82(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.CastingChannelBlock
block:id=Casting_Channel,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:tinker/searedstone
# Wooden_Rail:* (rail.wood), render=9(MINECARTTRACK), opaque=false,cls=tconstruct.blocks.WoodRail
block:id=Wooden_Rail,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:tinker/woodrail
block:id=Wooden_Rail,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:tinker/woodrail_turn
