# ThermalExpansion 3.0.0.2
version:1.6
modname:ThermalExpansion

var:FluidPyrotheum=0,Machine=0,Dynamo=0,Tesseract=0,Device=0,Glass=0,FluidCryotheum=0,Lamp=0,Conduit=0,FluidGlowstone=0
var:Storage=0,Ore=0,Tank=0,FluidCoal=0,EnergyCell=0,FluidRedstone=0,Strongbox=0,FluidEnder=0,Rockwool=0

cfgfile:config/cofh/ThermalExpansion.cfg


texturepath:assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/
texture:id=minecraft/wool_colored_black,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/wool_colored_black.png
texture:id=minecraft/wool_colored_blue,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/wool_colored_blue.png
texture:id=minecraft/wool_colored_brown,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/wool_colored_brown.png
texture:id=minecraft/wool_colored_cyan,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/wool_colored_cyan.png
texture:id=minecraft/wool_colored_gray,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/wool_colored_gray.png
texture:id=minecraft/wool_colored_green,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/wool_colored_green.png
texture:id=minecraft/wool_colored_light_blue,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/wool_colored_light_blue.png
texture:id=minecraft/wool_colored_lime,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/wool_colored_lime.png
texture:id=minecraft/wool_colored_magenta,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/wool_colored_magenta.png
texture:id=minecraft/wool_colored_orange,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/wool_colored_orange.png
texture:id=minecraft/wool_colored_pink,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/wool_colored_pink.png
texture:id=minecraft/wool_colored_purple,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/wool_colored_purple.png
texture:id=minecraft/wool_colored_red,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/wool_colored_red.png
texture:id=minecraft/wool_colored_silver,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/wool_colored_silver.png
texture:id=minecraft/wool_colored_white,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/wool_colored_white.png
texture:id=minecraft/wool_colored_yellow,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/wool_colored_yellow.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/device/Device_Bottom_Workbench,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/device/Device_Bottom_Workbench.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/device/Device_Face_Activator,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/device/Device_Face_Activator.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/device/Device_Face_Breaker,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/device/Device_Face_Breaker.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/device/Device_Face_Nullifier,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/device/Device_Face_Nullifier.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/device/Device_Side,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/device/Device_Side.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/device/Device_Side_Workbench,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/device/Device_Side_Workbench.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/device/Device_Top_Workbench,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/device/Device_Top_Workbench.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/energycell/Cell_Basic,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/energycell/Cell_Basic.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/energycell/Cell_Creative,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/energycell/Cell_Creative.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/energycell/Cell_Hardened,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/energycell/Cell_Hardened.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/energycell/Cell_Reinforced,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/energycell/Cell_Reinforced.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/energycell/Cell_Resonant,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/energycell/Cell_Resonant.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/fluid/Fluid_Coal_Flow,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/fluid/Fluid_Coal_Flow.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/fluid/Fluid_Coal_Still,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/fluid/Fluid_Coal_Still.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/fluid/Fluid_Cryotheum_Flow,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/fluid/Fluid_Cryotheum_Flow.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/fluid/Fluid_Cryotheum_Still,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/fluid/Fluid_Cryotheum_Still.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/fluid/Fluid_Ender_Flow,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/fluid/Fluid_Ender_Flow.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/fluid/Fluid_Ender_Still,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/fluid/Fluid_Ender_Still.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/fluid/Fluid_Glowstone_Flow,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/fluid/Fluid_Glowstone_Flow.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/fluid/Fluid_Glowstone_Still,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/fluid/Fluid_Glowstone_Still.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/fluid/Fluid_Pyrotheum_Flow,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/fluid/Fluid_Pyrotheum_Flow.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/fluid/Fluid_Pyrotheum_Still,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/fluid/Fluid_Pyrotheum_Still.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/fluid/Fluid_Redstone_Flow,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/fluid/Fluid_Redstone_Flow.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/fluid/Fluid_Redstone_Still,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/fluid/Fluid_Redstone_Still.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/glass/Glass_Hardened,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/glass/Glass_Hardened.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Bottom,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/machine/Machine_Bottom.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Face_Assembler,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/machine/Machine_Face_Assembler.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Face_Charger,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/machine/Machine_Face_Charger.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Face_Crucible,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/machine/Machine_Face_Crucible.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Face_Furnace,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/machine/Machine_Face_Furnace.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Face_IceGen,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/machine/Machine_Face_IceGen.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Face_Pulverizer,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/machine/Machine_Face_Pulverizer.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Face_RockGen,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/machine/Machine_Face_RockGen.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Face_Sawmill,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/machine/Machine_Face_Sawmill.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Face_Smelter,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/machine/Machine_Face_Smelter.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Face_Transposer,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/machine/Machine_Face_Transposer.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Face_WaterGen,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/machine/Machine_Face_WaterGen.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Side,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/machine/Machine_Side.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Top,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/machine/Machine_Top.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/ore/Ore_Copper,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/ore/Ore_Copper.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/ore/Ore_Lead,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/ore/Ore_Lead.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/ore/Ore_Nickel,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/ore/Ore_Nickel.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/ore/Ore_Silver,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/ore/Ore_Silver.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/ore/Ore_Tin,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/ore/Ore_Tin.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/storage/Block_Bronze,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/storage/Block_Bronze.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/storage/Block_Copper,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/storage/Block_Copper.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/storage/Block_Electrum,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/storage/Block_Electrum.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/storage/Block_Enderium,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/storage/Block_Enderium.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/storage/Block_Invar,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/storage/Block_Invar.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/storage/Block_Lead,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/storage/Block_Lead.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/storage/Block_Nickel,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/storage/Block_Nickel.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/storage/Block_Platinum,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/storage/Block_Platinum.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/storage/Block_Silver,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/storage/Block_Silver.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/storage/Block_Tin,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/storage/Block_Tin.png
texture:id=thermalexpansion/tesseract/Tesseract,filename=assets/thermalexpansion/textures/blocks/tesseract/Tesseract.png



# Ore:* (Ore), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=thermalexpansion.block.simple.BlockOre
block:id=Ore,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thermalexpansion/ore/Ore_Copper
block:id=Ore,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thermalexpansion/ore/Ore_Tin
block:id=Ore,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thermalexpansion/ore/Ore_Silver
block:id=Ore,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thermalexpansion/ore/Ore_Lead
block:id=Ore,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thermalexpansion/ore/Ore_Nickel

# Machine:* (Machine), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=thermalexpansion.block.machine.BlockMachine
block:id=Machine,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Bottom,face1=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Top,face2=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Side,face3=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Face_Furnace,face4-5=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Side
block:id=Machine,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Bottom,face1=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Top,face2=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Side,face3=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Face_Pulverizer,face4-5=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Side
block:id=Machine,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Bottom,face1=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Top,face2=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Side,face3=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Face_Sawmill,face4-5=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Side
block:id=Machine,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Bottom,face1=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Top,face2=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Side,face3=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Face_Smelter,face4-5=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Side
block:id=Machine,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Bottom,face1=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Top,face2=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Side,face3=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Face_Crucible,face4-5=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Side
block:id=Machine,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Bottom,face1=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Top,face2=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Side,face3=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Face_Transposer,face4-5=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Side
block:id=Machine,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Bottom,face1=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Top,face2=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Side,face3=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Face_IceGen,face4-5=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Side
block:id=Machine,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Bottom,face1=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Top,face2=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Side,face3=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Face_RockGen,face4-5=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Side
block:id=Machine,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Bottom,face1=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Top,face2=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Side,face3=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Face_WaterGen,face4-5=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Side
block:id=Machine,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Bottom,face1=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Top,face2=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Side,face3=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Face_Assembler,face4-5=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Side
block:id=Machine,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Bottom,face1=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Top,face2=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Side,face3=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Face_Charger,face4-5=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Side
block:id=Machine,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Bottom,face1=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Top,face2=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Side,face4-5=12000:thermalexpansion/machine/Machine_Side

# Tank:* (Tank), render=thermalexpansion.render.RenderTank(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=thermalexpansion.block.tank.BlockTank
block:id=Tank,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thermalexpansion/glass/Glass_Hardened

# Dynamo:* (Dynamo), render=thermalexpansion.render.RenderDynamo(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=thermalexpansion.block.dynamo.BlockDynamo
block:id=Dynamo,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thermalexpansion/glass/Glass_Hardened

# Storage:* (Storage), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=thermalexpansion.block.simple.BlockStorage
block:id=Storage,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thermalexpansion/storage/Block_Copper
block:id=Storage,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thermalexpansion/storage/Block_Tin
block:id=Storage,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thermalexpansion/storage/Block_Silver
block:id=Storage,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thermalexpansion/storage/Block_Lead
block:id=Storage,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thermalexpansion/storage/Block_Nickel
block:id=Storage,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thermalexpansion/storage/Block_Platinum
block:id=Storage,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thermalexpansion/storage/Block_Electrum
block:id=Storage,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thermalexpansion/storage/Block_Invar
block:id=Storage,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thermalexpansion/storage/Block_Bronze
block:id=Storage,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thermalexpansion/storage/Block_Enderium

# Conduit:* (Conduit), render=thermalexpansion.render.RenderConduit(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=thermalexpansion.block.conduit.BlockConduit
block:id=Conduit,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:thermalexpansion/glass/Glass_Hardened

# Tesseract:* (Tesseract), render=thermalexpansion.render.RenderTesseract(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=thermalexpansion.block.tesseract.BlockTesseract
block:id=Tesseract,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:thermalexpansion/tesseract/Tesseract

# Glass:* (Glass), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=thermalexpansion.block.simple.BlockGlass
block:id=Glass,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:thermalexpansion/glass/Glass_Hardened

# Rockwool:* (Rockwool), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=thermalexpansion.block.simple.BlockRockwool
block:id=Rockwool,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_white
block:id=Rockwool,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_orange
block:id=Rockwool,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_magenta
block:id=Rockwool,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_light_blue
block:id=Rockwool,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_yellow
block:id=Rockwool,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_lime
block:id=Rockwool,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_pink
block:id=Rockwool,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_gray
block:id=Rockwool,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_silver
block:id=Rockwool,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_cyan
block:id=Rockwool,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_purple
block:id=Rockwool,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_blue
block:id=Rockwool,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_brown
block:id=Rockwool,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_green
block:id=Rockwool,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_red
block:id=Rockwool,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/wool_colored_black

# Device:* (Device), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=thermalexpansion.block.device.BlockDevice
block:id=Device,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=12000:thermalexpansion/device/Device_Bottom_Workbench,face1=12000:thermalexpansion/device/Device_Top_Workbench,face2-5=12000:thermalexpansion/device/Device_Side_Workbench
block:id=Device,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-2=12000:thermalexpansion/device/Device_Side,face4-5=12000:thermalexpansion/device/Device_Side
block:id=Device,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-2=12000:thermalexpansion/device/Device_Side,face3=12000:thermalexpansion/device/Device_Face_Activator,face4-5=12000:thermalexpansion/device/Device_Side
block:id=Device,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-2=12000:thermalexpansion/device/Device_Side,face3=12000:thermalexpansion/device/Device_Face_Breaker,face4-5=12000:thermalexpansion/device/Device_Side
block:id=Device,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-2=12000:thermalexpansion/device/Device_Side,face3=12000:thermalexpansion/device/Device_Face_Nullifier,face4-5=12000:thermalexpansion/device/Device_Side
block:id=Device,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-2=12000:thermalexpansion/device/Device_Side,face4-5=12000:thermalexpansion/device/Device_Side

# EnergyCell:* (EnergyCell), render=thermalexpansion.render.RenderEnergyCell(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=thermalexpansion.block.energycell.BlockEnergyCell
block:id=EnergyCell,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:thermalexpansion/energycell/Cell_Creative
block:id=EnergyCell,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:thermalexpansion/energycell/Cell_Basic
block:id=EnergyCell,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:thermalexpansion/energycell/Cell_Hardened
block:id=EnergyCell,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:thermalexpansion/energycell/Cell_Reinforced
block:id=EnergyCell,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:thermalexpansion/energycell/Cell_Resonant

# Strongbox:* (Strongbox), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=thermalexpansion.block.strongbox.BlockStrongbox
block:id=Strongbox,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thermalexpansion/glass/Glass_Hardened

# Lamp:* (Lamp), render=thermalexpansion.render.RenderLamp(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=thermalexpansion.block.lamp.BlockLamp
block:id=Lamp,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:thermalexpansion/glass/Glass_Hardened

# FluidRedstone:* (FluidRedstone), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=thermalexpansion.fluid.BlockFluidRedstone
block:id=FluidRedstone,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:thermalexpansion/fluid/Fluid_Redstone_Still,face2-5=12000:thermalexpansion/fluid/Fluid_Redstone_Flow

# FluidGlowstone:* (FluidGlowstone), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=thermalexpansion.fluid.BlockFluidGlowstone
block:id=FluidGlowstone,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:thermalexpansion/fluid/Fluid_Glowstone_Still,face2-5=12000:thermalexpansion/fluid/Fluid_Glowstone_Flow

# FluidEnder:* (FluidEnder), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=thermalexpansion.fluid.BlockFluidEnder
block:id=FluidEnder,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:thermalexpansion/fluid/Fluid_Ender_Still,face2-5=12000:thermalexpansion/fluid/Fluid_Ender_Flow

# FluidPyrotheum:* (FluidPyrotheum), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=thermalexpansion.fluid.BlockFluidPyrotheum
block:id=FluidPyrotheum,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:thermalexpansion/fluid/Fluid_Pyrotheum_Still,face2-5=12000:thermalexpansion/fluid/Fluid_Pyrotheum_Flow

# FluidCryotheum:* (FluidCryotheum), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=thermalexpansion.fluid.BlockFluidCryotheum
block:id=FluidCryotheum,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:thermalexpansion/fluid/Fluid_Cryotheum_Still,face2-5=12000:thermalexpansion/fluid/Fluid_Cryotheum_Flow

# FluidCoal:* (FluidCoal), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=thermalexpansion.fluid.BlockFluidCoal
block:id=FluidCoal,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:thermalexpansion/fluid/Fluid_Coal_Still,face2-5=12000:thermalexpansion/fluid/Fluid_Coal_Flow
