# TwilightForest 1.20.3
version:1.6
modname:TwilightForest

var:UnderBrick=0,biome/biome.id.Clearing=0,biome/biome.id.Stream=0,biome/biome.id.LakeBorder=0,biome/biome.id.DarkForest=0,Portal=0,Roots=0,TrophyPedestal=0,Cicada=0,biome/biome.id.ClearingBorder=0
var:biome/biome.id.EnchantedForest=0,Log=0,TowerDevice=0,biome/biome.id.TwilightForestVariant=0,FireJet=0,MagicLogSpecial=0,TowerTranslucent=0,FireflyJar=0,MagicLeaves=0,biome/biome.id.Mushrooms=0
var:Critter=0,UncraftingTable=0,biome/biome.id.DeepMushrooms=0,Plant=0,TowerWood=0,biome/biome.id.Snowfield=0,biome/biome.id.FireSwamp=0,Leaves=0,BossSpawner=0,Sapling=0
var:biome/biome.id.MinorFeature=0,Mazestone=0,biome/biome.id.Glacier=0,AuroraBrick=0,biome/biome.id.Highlands=0,biome/biome.id.MajorFeature=0,Shield=0,biome/biome.id.Swamp=0,Hedge=0,MagicLog=0
var:biome/biome.id.TwilightForest=0,biome/biome.id.Lake=0,Trophy=0,Nagastone=0,Moonworm=0

cfgfile:config/TwilightForest.cfg


texturepath:assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/
texture:id=TwilightForest/TFCicada,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/TFCicada.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/TFFirefly,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/TFFirefly.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/TFMoonworm,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/TFMoonworm.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/canopy_side,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/canopy_side.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/canopy_top,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/canopy_top.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/cloverpatch,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/cloverpatch.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/darkwood_leaves,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/darkwood_leaves.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/darkwood_side,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/darkwood_side.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/darkwood_top,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/darkwood_top.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/fiddlehead,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/fiddlehead.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/fireflyjar_side,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/fireflyjar_side.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/fireflyjar_top,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/fireflyjar_top.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/firejet_side,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/firejet_side.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/firejet_top,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/firejet_top.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/hedge,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/hedge.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/knightbrick,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/knightbrick.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/knightbrick_cracked,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/knightbrick_cracked.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/knightbrick_mossy,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/knightbrick_mossy.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/mangrove_side,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/mangrove_side.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/mangrove_top,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/mangrove_top.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/mayapple,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/mayapple.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/mazestone_border,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/mazestone_border.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/mazestone_brick,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/mazestone_brick.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/mazestone_cracked,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/mazestone_cracked.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/mazestone_decorative,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/mazestone_decorative.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/mazestone_mosaic,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/mazestone_mosaic.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/mazestone_mossy,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/mazestone_mossy.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/mazestone_pillar,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/mazestone_pillar.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/mazestone_plain,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/mazestone_plain.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/mine_gem,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/mine_gem.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/mine_gem_off,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/mine_gem_off.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/mine_section,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/mine_section.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/mine_side,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/mine_side.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/mosspatch,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/mosspatch.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/mushgloom,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/mushgloom.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/nagastone_bottom_long,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/nagastone_bottom_long.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/nagastone_bottom_tip,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/nagastone_bottom_tip.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/nagastone_cross_section,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/nagastone_cross_section.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/nagastone_face_front,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/nagastone_face_front.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/nagastone_face_left,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/nagastone_face_left.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/nagastone_face_right,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/nagastone_face_right.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/nagastone_left_down,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/nagastone_left_down.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/nagastone_left_up,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/nagastone_left_up.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/nagastone_long_side,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/nagastone_long_side.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/nagastone_right_down,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/nagastone_right_down.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/nagastone_right_up,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/nagastone_right_up.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/nagastone_tip_left,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/nagastone_tip_left.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/nagastone_tip_long,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/nagastone_tip_long.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/nagastone_tip_right,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/nagastone_tip_right.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/nagastone_top_tip,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/nagastone_top_tip.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/nagastone_turn_top,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/nagastone_turn_top.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/oak_side,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/oak_side.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/oak_top,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/oak_top.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/oreroots,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/oreroots.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/pedestal_hydra,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/pedestal_hydra.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/pedestal_hydra_active,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/pedestal_hydra_active.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/pedestal_lich,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/pedestal_lich.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/pedestal_lich_active,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/pedestal_lich_active.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/pedestal_naga,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/pedestal_naga.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/pedestal_naga_active,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/pedestal_naga_active.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/pedestal_top,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/pedestal_top.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/pedestal_top_active,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/pedestal_top_active.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/pedestal_urghast,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/pedestal_urghast.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/pedestal_urghast_active,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/pedestal_urghast_active.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/rootblock,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/rootblock.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/rootstrand,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/rootstrand.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/sapling_canopy,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/sapling_canopy.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/sapling_darkwood,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/sapling_darkwood.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/sapling_hollow_oak,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/sapling_hollow_oak.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/sapling_mangrove,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/sapling_mangrove.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/sapling_mining,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/sapling_mining.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/sapling_oak,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/sapling_oak.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/sapling_rainboak,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/sapling_rainboak.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/sapling_sorting,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/sapling_sorting.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/sapling_time,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/sapling_time.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/sapling_transformation,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/sapling_transformation.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/shield_inside,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/shield_inside.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/shield_outside,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/shield_outside.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/sort_eye,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/sort_eye.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/sort_eye_off,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/sort_eye_off.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/sort_leaves,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/sort_leaves.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/sort_section,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/sort_section.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/sort_side,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/sort_side.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/time_clock,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/time_clock.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/time_clock_off,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/time_clock_off.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/time_leaves,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/time_leaves.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/time_section,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/time_section.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/time_side,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/time_side.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/torchberry,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/torchberry.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_antibuilder,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_antibuilder.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_antibuilt,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_antibuilt.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_builder_off,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_builder_off.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_builder_on,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_builder_on.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_builder_timeout,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_builder_timeout.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_built_off,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_built_off.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_built_on,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_built_on.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_firejet_off,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_firejet_off.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_firejet_on,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_firejet_on.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_ghasttrap_off,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_ghasttrap_off.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_ghasttrap_on,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_ghasttrap_on.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_ghasttraplid_off,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_ghasttraplid_off.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_ghasttraplid_on,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_ghasttraplid_on.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_lock_off,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_lock_off.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_lock_on,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_lock_on.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_reactor_off,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_reactor_off.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_reactor_on,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_reactor_on.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_reappearing_off,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_reappearing_off.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_reappearing_on,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_reappearing_on.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_reappearing_trace_off,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_reappearing_trace_off.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_reappearing_trace_on,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_reappearing_trace_on.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_smoker_off,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_smoker_off.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_smoker_on,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_smoker_on.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_vanish_off,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_vanish_off.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerdev_vanish_on,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerdev_vanish_on.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerwood_cracked,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerwood_cracked.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerwood_encased,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerwood_encased.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerwood_infested,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerwood_infested.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerwood_mossy,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerwood_mossy.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/towerwood_planks,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/towerwood_planks.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/trans_heart,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/trans_heart.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/trans_heart_off,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/trans_heart_off.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/trans_leaves,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/trans_leaves.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/trans_section,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/trans_section.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/trans_side,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/trans_side.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/uncrafting_side,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/uncrafting_side.png
texture:id=TwilightForest/uncrafting_top,filename=assets/twilightforest/textures/blocks/uncrafting_top.png
texture:id=minecraft/bedrock,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/bedrock.png
texture:id=minecraft/deadbush,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/deadbush.png
texture:id=minecraft/diamond_block,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/diamond_block.png
texture:id=minecraft/gold_block,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/gold_block.png
texture:id=minecraft/leaves_birch,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/leaves_birch.png
texture:id=minecraft/leaves_oak,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/leaves_oak.png
texture:id=minecraft/leaves_spruce,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/leaves_spruce.png
texture:id=minecraft/mob_spawner,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/mob_spawner.png
texture:id=minecraft/netherrack,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/netherrack.png
texture:id=minecraft/obsidian,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/obsidian.png
texture:id=minecraft/portal,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/portal.png
texture:id=minecraft/quartz_block_bottom,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/quartz_block_bottom.png
texture:id=minecraft/quartz_block_top,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/quartz_block_top.png
texture:id=minecraft/soul_sand,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/soul_sand.png
texture:id=minecraft/tallgrass,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/tallgrass.png

# biome/biome.id.Lake
biome:id=biome/biome.id.Lake,grassColorMult=170C15B,foliageColorMult=14CB031,waterColorMult=FFFFFF
# biome/biome.id.TwilightForest
biome:id=biome/biome.id.TwilightForest,grassColorMult=18EB971,foliageColorMult=171A74D,waterColorMult=FFFFFF
# biome/biome.id.TwilightForestVariant
biome:id=biome/biome.id.TwilightForestVariant,grassColorMult=179C05A,foliageColorMult=159AE30,waterColorMult=FFFFFF
# biome/biome.id.Highlands
biome:id=biome/biome.id.Highlands,grassColorMult=195B872,foliageColorMult=17AA54F,waterColorMult=FFFFFF
# biome/biome.id.Mushrooms
biome:id=biome/biome.id.Mushrooms,grassColorMult=183BB6D,foliageColorMult=163A948,waterColorMult=FFFFFF
# biome/biome.id.Swamp
biome:id=biome/biome.id.Swamp,grassColorMult=15C694E,foliageColorMult=1496137,waterColorMult=E0FFAE
# biome/biome.id.Stream
biome:id=biome/biome.id.Stream,grassColorMult=17CBD6B,foliageColorMult=15BAB46,waterColorMult=FFFFFF
# biome/biome.id.Snowfield
biome:id=biome/biome.id.Snowfield,grassColorMult=184B68D,foliageColorMult=165A371,waterColorMult=FFFFFF
# biome/biome.id.Glacier
biome:id=biome/biome.id.Glacier,grassColorMult=180B497,foliageColorMult=160A17B,waterColorMult=FFFFFF
# biome/biome.id.Clearing
biome:id=biome/biome.id.Clearing,grassColorMult=191BD59,foliageColorMult=177AB2F,waterColorMult=FFFFFF
# biome/biome.id.ClearingBorder
biome:id=biome/biome.id.ClearingBorder,grassColorMult=18EB971,foliageColorMult=171A74D,waterColorMult=FFFFFF
# biome/biome.id.LakeBorder
biome:id=biome/biome.id.LakeBorder,grassColorMult=18EB971,foliageColorMult=171A74D,waterColorMult=FFFFFF
# biome/biome.id.DeepMushrooms
biome:id=biome/biome.id.DeepMushrooms,grassColorMult=161C64B,foliageColorMult=13BB61E,waterColorMult=FFFFFF
# biome/biome.id.MajorFeature
biome:id=biome/biome.id.MajorFeature,grassColorMult=18EB971,foliageColorMult=171A74D,waterColorMult=FFFFFF
# biome/biome.id.MinorFeature
biome:id=biome/biome.id.MinorFeature,grassColorMult=18EB971,foliageColorMult=171A74D,waterColorMult=FFFFFF
# biome/biome.id.DarkForest
biome:id=biome/biome.id.DarkForest,grassColorMult=1554114,foliageColorMult=13B5E3F,waterColorMult=FFFFFF
# biome/biome.id.EnchantedForest
biome:id=biome/biome.id.EnchantedForest,grassColorMult=16FC6E8,foliageColorMult=189B506,waterColorMult=FFFFFF
# biome/biome.id.FireSwamp
biome:id=biome/biome.id.FireSwamp,grassColorMult=1572E23,foliageColorMult=164260F,waterColorMult=6C2C2C


# Critter:* (tile.TFFirefly), render=117(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFFirefly
block:id=Critter,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/TFFirefly

# Portal:* (tile.TFPortal), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFPortal
block:id=Portal,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/portal

# Log:* (tile.TFLog), render=31(LOG), opaque=true,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFLog
block:id=Log,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/oak_top,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/oak_side
block:id=Log,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/canopy_top,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/canopy_side
block:id=Log,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/mangrove_top,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/mangrove_side
block:id=Log,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/darkwood_top,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/darkwood_side
block:id=Log,data=4,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/oak_side,face2-3=4000:TwilightForest/oak_side,face4-5=0:TwilightForest/oak_top
block:id=Log,data=5,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/canopy_side,face2-3=4000:TwilightForest/canopy_side,face4-5=0:TwilightForest/canopy_top
block:id=Log,data=6,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/mangrove_side,face2-3=4000:TwilightForest/mangrove_side,face4-5=0:TwilightForest/mangrove_top
block:id=Log,data=7,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/darkwood_side,face2-3=4000:TwilightForest/darkwood_side,face4-5=0:TwilightForest/darkwood_top
block:id=Log,data=8,face0-1=4000:TwilightForest/oak_side,face2-3=0:TwilightForest/oak_top,face4-5=4000:TwilightForest/oak_side
block:id=Log,data=9,face0-1=4000:TwilightForest/canopy_side,face2-3=0:TwilightForest/canopy_top,face4-5=4000:TwilightForest/canopy_side
block:id=Log,data=10,face0-1=4000:TwilightForest/mangrove_side,face2-3=0:TwilightForest/mangrove_top,face4-5=4000:TwilightForest/mangrove_side
block:id=Log,data=11,face0-1=4000:TwilightForest/darkwood_side,face2-3=0:TwilightForest/darkwood_top,face4-5=4000:TwilightForest/darkwood_side
block:id=Log,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/oak_side
block:id=Log,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/canopy_side
block:id=Log,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/mangrove_side
block:id=Log,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/darkwood_side

# Leaves:* (tile.TFLeaves), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFLeaves
block:id=Leaves,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:minecraft/leaves_oak
block:id=Leaves,data=1,stdrot=true,colorMult=609860,face0-5=17000:minecraft/leaves_spruce
block:id=Leaves,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=14000:minecraft/leaves_birch
block:id=Leaves,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:minecraft/leaves_oak
block:id=Leaves,data=5,stdrot=true,colorMult=609860,face0-5=17000:minecraft/leaves_spruce
block:id=Leaves,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=14000:minecraft/leaves_birch
block:id=Leaves,data=7,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:minecraft/leaves_oak
block:id=Leaves,data=9,stdrot=true,colorMult=609860,face0-5=17000:minecraft/leaves_spruce
block:id=Leaves,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=14000:minecraft/leaves_birch
block:id=Leaves,data=11,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:minecraft/leaves_oak
block:id=Leaves,data=13,stdrot=true,colorMult=609860,face0-5=17000:minecraft/leaves_spruce
block:id=Leaves,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=14000:minecraft/leaves_birch
block:id=Leaves,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:minecraft/leaves_oak

# Mazestone:* (tile.TFMazestone), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFMazestone
block:id=Mazestone,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/mazestone_plain
block:id=Mazestone,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/mazestone_brick
block:id=Mazestone,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/mazestone_plain,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/mazestone_pillar
block:id=Mazestone,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/mazestone_brick,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/mazestone_decorative
block:id=Mazestone,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/mazestone_cracked
block:id=Mazestone,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/mazestone_mossy
block:id=Mazestone,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/mazestone_mosaic,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/mazestone_brick
block:id=Mazestone,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/mazestone_border,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/mazestone_brick
block:id=Mazestone,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/mazestone_plain

# Hedge:* (tile.TFHedge), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFHedge
block:id=Hedge,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/hedge
block:id=Hedge,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/darkwood_leaves
block:id=Hedge,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/hedge

# BossSpawner:* (tile.TFBossSpawner), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFBossSpawner
block:id=BossSpawner,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/mob_spawner

# FireflyJar:* (tile.TFFireflyJar), render=115(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFFireflyJar
block:id=FireflyJar,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/fireflyjar_top,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/fireflyjar_side

# Plant:* (tile.TFPlant), render=116(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFPlant
block:id=Plant,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/mosspatch
block:id=Plant,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=2000:TwilightForest/mayapple
block:id=Plant,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=2000:TwilightForest/cloverpatch
block:id=Plant,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=2000:TwilightForest/fiddlehead
block:id=Plant,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/mushgloom
block:id=Plant,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=2000:minecraft/tallgrass
block:id=Plant,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/deadbush
block:id=Plant,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/torchberry
block:id=Plant,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/rootstrand

# Roots:* (tile.TFRoots), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFRoots
block:id=Roots,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/rootblock
block:id=Roots,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/oreroots
block:id=Roots,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/rootblock

# Cicada:* (tile.TFCicada), render=117(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFCicada
block:id=Cicada,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/TFCicada

# UncraftingTable:* (tile.TFUncraftingTable), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFUncraftingTable
block:id=UncraftingTable,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:TwilightForest/uncrafting_side,face1=0:TwilightForest/uncrafting_top,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/uncrafting_side

# FireJet:* (tile.TFFireJet), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFFireJet
block:id=FireJet,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:TwilightForest/firejet_side,face1=0:TwilightForest/firejet_top,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/firejet_side
block:id=FireJet,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:TwilightForest/towerwood_encased,face1=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_ghasttraplid_off,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_smoker_off
block:id=FireJet,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:TwilightForest/towerwood_encased,face1=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_ghasttraplid_on,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_smoker_on
block:id=FireJet,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:TwilightForest/firejet_side,face1=0:TwilightForest/firejet_top,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/firejet_side
block:id=FireJet,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:TwilightForest/towerwood_encased,face1=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_ghasttraplid_off,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_firejet_off
block:id=FireJet,data=12,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:TwilightForest/towerwood_encased,face1=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_ghasttraplid_on,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_firejet_on
block:id=FireJet,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:TwilightForest/firejet_side,face1=0:TwilightForest/firejet_top,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/firejet_side

# Nagastone:* (tile.TFNagastone), render=118(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFNagastone
block:id=Nagastone,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_bottom_tip,face1=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_top_tip,face2=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_face_front,face3=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_cross_section,face4=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_face_left,face5=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_face_right
block:id=Nagastone,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_bottom_tip,face1=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_top_tip,face2=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_cross_section,face3=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_face_front,face4=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_face_right,face5=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_face_left
block:id=Nagastone,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_bottom_tip,face1=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_top_tip,face2=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_face_right,face3=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_face_left,face4=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_face_front,face5=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_cross_section
block:id=Nagastone,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_bottom_tip,face1=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_top_tip,face2=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_face_left,face3=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_face_right,face4=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_cross_section,face5=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_face_front
block:id=Nagastone,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_cross_section,face1=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_top_tip,face2=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_cross_section,face3=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_tip_right,face4=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_left_down,face5=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_right_down
block:id=Nagastone,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_cross_section,face1=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_top_tip,face2=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_tip_left,face3=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_cross_section,face4=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_right_down,face5=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_left_down
block:id=Nagastone,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_cross_section,face1=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_top_tip,face2=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_right_down,face3=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_left_down,face4=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_cross_section,face5=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_tip_left
block:id=Nagastone,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_cross_section,face1=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_top_tip,face2=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_left_down,face3=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_right_down,face4=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_tip_right,face5=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_cross_section
block:id=Nagastone,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_bottom_tip,face1-2=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_cross_section,face3=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_tip_left,face4=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_left_up,face5=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_right_up
block:id=Nagastone,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_bottom_tip,face1=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_cross_section,face2=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_tip_right,face3=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_cross_section,face4=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_right_up,face5=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_left_up
block:id=Nagastone,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_bottom_tip,face1=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_cross_section,face2=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_right_up,face3=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_left_up,face4=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_cross_section,face5=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_tip_left
block:id=Nagastone,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_bottom_tip,face1=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_cross_section,face2=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_left_up,face3=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_right_up,face4=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_tip_left,face5=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_cross_section
block:id=Nagastone,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_bottom_long,face1=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_tip_long,face2-3=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_long_side,face4-5=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_cross_section
block:id=Nagastone,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_bottom_long,face1=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_tip_long,face2-3=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_cross_section,face4-5=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_long_side
block:id=Nagastone,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_cross_section,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_long_side
block:id=Nagastone,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_cross_section,face1=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_turn_top,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/nagastone_long_side

# Sapling:* (tile.TFSapling), render=1(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFSapling
block:id=Sapling,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:TwilightForest/sapling_oak
block:id=Sapling,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:TwilightForest/sapling_canopy
block:id=Sapling,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:TwilightForest/sapling_mangrove
block:id=Sapling,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:TwilightForest/sapling_darkwood
block:id=Sapling,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:TwilightForest/sapling_hollow_oak
block:id=Sapling,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:TwilightForest/sapling_time
block:id=Sapling,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:TwilightForest/sapling_transformation
block:id=Sapling,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:TwilightForest/sapling_mining
block:id=Sapling,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:TwilightForest/sapling_sorting
block:id=Sapling,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:TwilightForest/sapling_rainboak

# MagicLog:* (tile.TFMagicLog), render=31(LOG), opaque=true,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFMagicLog
block:id=MagicLog,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/time_section,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/time_side
block:id=MagicLog,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/trans_section,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/trans_side
block:id=MagicLog,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/mine_section,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/mine_side
block:id=MagicLog,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/sort_section,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/sort_side
block:id=MagicLog,data=4,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/time_side,face2-3=4000:TwilightForest/time_side,face4-5=0:TwilightForest/time_section
block:id=MagicLog,data=5,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/trans_side,face2-3=4000:TwilightForest/trans_side,face4-5=0:TwilightForest/trans_section
block:id=MagicLog,data=6,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/mine_side,face2-3=4000:TwilightForest/mine_side,face4-5=0:TwilightForest/mine_section
block:id=MagicLog,data=7,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/sort_side,face2-3=4000:TwilightForest/sort_side,face4-5=0:TwilightForest/sort_section
block:id=MagicLog,data=8,face0-1=4000:TwilightForest/time_side,face2-3=0:TwilightForest/time_section,face4-5=4000:TwilightForest/time_side
block:id=MagicLog,data=9,face0-1=4000:TwilightForest/trans_side,face2-3=0:TwilightForest/trans_section,face4-5=4000:TwilightForest/trans_side
block:id=MagicLog,data=10,face0-1=4000:TwilightForest/mine_side,face2-3=0:TwilightForest/mine_section,face4-5=4000:TwilightForest/mine_side
block:id=MagicLog,data=11,face0-1=4000:TwilightForest/sort_side,face2-3=0:TwilightForest/sort_section,face4-5=4000:TwilightForest/sort_side
block:id=MagicLog,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/time_side
block:id=MagicLog,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/trans_side
block:id=MagicLog,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/mine_side
block:id=MagicLog,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/sort_side

# MagicLeaves:* (tile.TFMagicLeaves), render=119(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFMagicLeaves
block:id=MagicLeaves,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=6A9C17,face0-5=17000:TwilightForest/time_leaves
block:id=MagicLeaves,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=6CCCEA,face0-5=17000:TwilightForest/trans_leaves
block:id=MagicLeaves,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FCF144,face0-5=17000:TwilightForest/time_leaves
block:id=MagicLeaves,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=364C03,face0-5=17000:TwilightForest/sort_leaves
block:id=MagicLeaves,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=6A9C17,face0-5=17000:TwilightForest/time_leaves
block:id=MagicLeaves,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=6CCCEA,face0-5=17000:TwilightForest/trans_leaves
block:id=MagicLeaves,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FCF144,face0-5=17000:TwilightForest/time_leaves
block:id=MagicLeaves,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=364C03,face0-5=17000:TwilightForest/sort_leaves
block:id=MagicLeaves,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=6A9C17,face0-5=17000:TwilightForest/time_leaves
block:id=MagicLeaves,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=6CCCEA,face0-5=17000:TwilightForest/trans_leaves
block:id=MagicLeaves,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FCF144,face0-5=17000:TwilightForest/time_leaves
block:id=MagicLeaves,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=364C03,face0-5=17000:TwilightForest/sort_leaves
block:id=MagicLeaves,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=6A9C17,face0-5=17000:TwilightForest/time_leaves
block:id=MagicLeaves,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=6CCCEA,face0-5=17000:TwilightForest/trans_leaves
block:id=MagicLeaves,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FCF144,face0-5=17000:TwilightForest/time_leaves
block:id=MagicLeaves,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=364C03,face0-5=17000:TwilightForest/sort_leaves

# Moonworm:* (tile.TFMoonworm), render=117(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFMoonworm
block:id=Moonworm,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/TFMoonworm

# MagicLogSpecial:* (tile.TFMagicLogSpecial), render=31(LOG), opaque=true,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFMagicLogSpecial
block:id=MagicLogSpecial,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/time_section,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/time_clock
block:id=MagicLogSpecial,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/trans_section,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/trans_heart
block:id=MagicLogSpecial,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/mine_section,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/mine_gem
block:id=MagicLogSpecial,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/sort_section,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/sort_eye
block:id=MagicLogSpecial,data=4,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/time_clock,face2-3=4000:TwilightForest/time_clock,face4-5=0:TwilightForest/time_section
block:id=MagicLogSpecial,data=5,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/trans_heart,face2-3=4000:TwilightForest/trans_heart,face4-5=0:TwilightForest/trans_section
block:id=MagicLogSpecial,data=6,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/mine_gem,face2-3=4000:TwilightForest/mine_gem,face4-5=0:TwilightForest/mine_section
block:id=MagicLogSpecial,data=7,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/sort_eye,face2-3=4000:TwilightForest/sort_eye,face4-5=0:TwilightForest/sort_section
block:id=MagicLogSpecial,data=8,face0-1=4000:TwilightForest/time_clock,face2-3=0:TwilightForest/time_section,face4-5=4000:TwilightForest/time_clock
block:id=MagicLogSpecial,data=9,face0-1=4000:TwilightForest/trans_heart,face2-3=0:TwilightForest/trans_section,face4-5=4000:TwilightForest/trans_heart
block:id=MagicLogSpecial,data=10,face0-1=4000:TwilightForest/mine_gem,face2-3=0:TwilightForest/mine_section,face4-5=4000:TwilightForest/mine_gem
block:id=MagicLogSpecial,data=11,face0-1=4000:TwilightForest/sort_eye,face2-3=0:TwilightForest/sort_section,face4-5=4000:TwilightForest/sort_eye
block:id=MagicLogSpecial,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/time_section,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/time_clock_off
block:id=MagicLogSpecial,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/trans_section,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/trans_heart_off
block:id=MagicLogSpecial,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/mine_section,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/mine_gem_off
block:id=MagicLogSpecial,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/sort_section,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/sort_eye_off

# TowerWood:* (tile.TFTowerStone), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFTowerWood
block:id=TowerWood,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerwood_planks
block:id=TowerWood,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerwood_encased
block:id=TowerWood,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerwood_cracked
block:id=TowerWood,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerwood_mossy
block:id=TowerWood,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerwood_infested
block:id=TowerWood,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerwood_planks

# TowerDevice:* (tile.TFTowerDevice), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFTowerDevice
block:id=TowerDevice,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_reappearing_off
block:id=TowerDevice,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_reappearing_on
block:id=TowerDevice,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_vanish_off
block:id=TowerDevice,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_vanish_on
block:id=TowerDevice,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_lock_on
block:id=TowerDevice,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_lock_off
block:id=TowerDevice,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_builder_off
block:id=TowerDevice,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_builder_on
block:id=TowerDevice,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_builder_timeout
block:id=TowerDevice,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_antibuilder
block:id=TowerDevice,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:TwilightForest/towerwood_encased,face1=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_ghasttraplid_off,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_ghasttrap_off
block:id=TowerDevice,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:TwilightForest/towerwood_encased,face1=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_ghasttraplid_on,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_ghasttrap_on
block:id=TowerDevice,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_reactor_off
block:id=TowerDevice,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_reactor_on
block:id=TowerDevice,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_reappearing_off

# Shield:* (tile.TFShield), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFShield
block:id=Shield,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:TwilightForest/shield_inside,face1-5=0:TwilightForest/shield_outside
block:id=Shield,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:TwilightForest/shield_outside,face1=0:TwilightForest/shield_inside,face2-5=0:TwilightForest/shield_outside
block:id=Shield,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/shield_outside,face2=0:TwilightForest/shield_inside,face3-5=0:TwilightForest/shield_outside
block:id=Shield,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:TwilightForest/shield_outside,face3=0:TwilightForest/shield_inside,face4-5=0:TwilightForest/shield_outside
block:id=Shield,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:TwilightForest/shield_outside,face4=0:TwilightForest/shield_inside,face5=0:TwilightForest/shield_outside
block:id=Shield,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-4=0:TwilightForest/shield_outside,face5=0:TwilightForest/shield_inside
block:id=Shield,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/shield_outside

# TowerTranslucent:* (tile.TFTowerTranslucent), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFTowerTranslucent
block:id=TowerTranslucent,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_reappearing_trace_off
block:id=TowerTranslucent,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_reappearing_trace_on
block:id=TowerTranslucent,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_built_off
block:id=TowerTranslucent,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_built_on
block:id=TowerTranslucent,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_antibuilt
block:id=TowerTranslucent,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/portal,face1=0:minecraft/netherrack,face2=0:minecraft/obsidian,face3=0:minecraft/bedrock,face4=0:minecraft/netherrack,face5=0:minecraft/portal
block:id=TowerTranslucent,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/gold_block
block:id=TowerTranslucent,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/diamond_block
block:id=TowerTranslucent,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/towerdev_reappearing_trace_off

# Trophy:* (tile.TFTrophy), render=-1(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFTrophy
block:id=Trophy,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/soul_sand

# TrophyPedestal:* (tile.TFTrophyPedestal), render=120(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFTrophyPedestal
block:id=TrophyPedestal,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_top,face2=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_naga,face3=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_lich,face4=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_hydra,face5=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_urghast
block:id=TrophyPedestal,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_top,face2=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_lich,face3=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_hydra,face4=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_urghast,face5=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_naga
block:id=TrophyPedestal,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_top,face2=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_hydra,face3=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_urghast,face4=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_naga,face5=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_lich
block:id=TrophyPedestal,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_top,face2=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_urghast,face3=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_naga,face4=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_lich,face5=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_hydra
block:id=TrophyPedestal,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_top,face2=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_naga,face3=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_lich,face4=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_hydra,face5=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_urghast
block:id=TrophyPedestal,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_top,face2=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_lich,face3=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_hydra,face4=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_urghast,face5=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_naga
block:id=TrophyPedestal,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_top,face2=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_hydra,face3=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_urghast,face4=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_naga,face5=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_lich
block:id=TrophyPedestal,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_top,face2=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_urghast,face3=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_naga,face4=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_lich,face5=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_hydra
block:id=TrophyPedestal,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_top,face1=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_top_active,face2=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_naga_active,face3=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_lich_active,face4=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_hydra_active,face5=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_urghast_active
block:id=TrophyPedestal,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_top,face1=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_top_active,face2=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_lich_active,face3=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_hydra_active,face4=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_urghast_active,face5=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_naga_active
block:id=TrophyPedestal,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_top,face1=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_top_active,face2=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_hydra_active,face3=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_urghast_active,face4=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_naga_active,face5=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_lich_active
block:id=TrophyPedestal,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_top,face1=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_top_active,face2=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_urghast_active,face3=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_naga_active,face4=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_lich_active,face5=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_hydra_active
block:id=TrophyPedestal,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_top,face1=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_top_active,face2=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_naga_active,face3=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_lich_active,face4=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_hydra_active,face5=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_urghast_active
block:id=TrophyPedestal,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_top,face1=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_top_active,face2=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_lich_active,face3=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_hydra_active,face4=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_urghast_active,face5=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_naga_active
block:id=TrophyPedestal,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_top,face1=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_top_active,face2=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_hydra_active,face3=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_urghast_active,face4=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_naga_active,face5=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_lich_active
block:id=TrophyPedestal,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_top,face1=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_top_active,face2=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_urghast_active,face3=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_naga_active,face4=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_lich_active,face5=0:TwilightForest/pedestal_hydra_active

# AuroraBrick:* (tile.TFAuroraBrick), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFAuroraBrick
block:id=AuroraBrick,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:minecraft/quartz_block_bottom,face1-5=0:minecraft/quartz_block_top

# UnderBrick:* (tile.TFUnderBrick), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=twilightforest.block.BlockTFUnderBrick
block:id=UnderBrick,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/knightbrick
block:id=UnderBrick,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/knightbrick_mossy
block:id=UnderBrick,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/knightbrick_cracked
block:id=UnderBrick,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:TwilightForest/knightbrick
