# GeoStrata Gamma
version:1.6
modname:GeoStrata

var:rock_blocks/Rock_Brick=0,rock_blocks/Deco_Blocks=0,rock_blocks/Guardian_Stone=0,rock_blocks/Potion_Crystal=0,rock_blocks/Fitted_Rock_2=0,rock_blocks/Rock_Brick_2=0,rock_blocks/Rock_Cobble=0,rock_blocks/Rock_Tile=0,rock_blocks/Fitted_Rock=0,rock_blocks/Engraved_Rock_2=0
var:rock_blocks/Cave_Crystal=0,rock_blocks/Crystal_Lamp=0,rock_blocks/Engraved_Rock=0,rock_blocks/Round_Brick_2=0,rock_blocks/Smooth_Rock_2=0,rock_blocks/Crystal_Brewery=0,rock_blocks/Rock_Tile_2=0,rock_blocks/Inscribed_Stone_2=0,rock_blocks/Rock_Cobble_2=0,rock_blocks/Round_Brick=0
var:rock_blocks/Smooth_Rock=0,rock_blocks/Inscribed_Stone=0,rock_blocks/Crystal_Bloom=0

cfgfile:config/Reika/GeoStrata.cfg


texturepath:assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/
texture:id=GeoStrata/basalt,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/basalt.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/basalt_b,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/basalt_b.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/basalt_c,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/basalt_c.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/basalt_e,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/basalt_e.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/basalt_f,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/basalt_f.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/basalt_i,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/basalt_i.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/basalt_r,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/basalt_r.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/basalt_t,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/basalt_t.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/brewer_bottom,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/brewer_bottom.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/brewer_side,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/brewer_side.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/brewer_top,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/brewer_top.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/crystal_outline,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/crystal_outline.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/emeraldbricks,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/emeraldbricks.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/glowbricks,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/glowbricks.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/gneiss,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/gneiss.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/gneiss_b,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/gneiss_b.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/gneiss_c,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/gneiss_c.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/gneiss_e,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/gneiss_e.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/gneiss_f,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/gneiss_f.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/gneiss_i,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/gneiss_i.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/gneiss_r,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/gneiss_r.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/gneiss_t,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/gneiss_t.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/granite,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/granite.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/granite_b,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/granite_b.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/granite_c,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/granite_c.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/granite_e,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/granite_e.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/granite_f,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/granite_f.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/granite_i,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/granite_i.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/granite_r,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/granite_r.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/granite_t,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/granite_t.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/granulite,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/granulite.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/granulite_b,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/granulite_b.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/granulite_c,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/granulite_c.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/granulite_e,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/granulite_e.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/granulite_f,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/granulite_f.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/granulite_i,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/granulite_i.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/granulite_r,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/granulite_r.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/granulite_t,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/granulite_t.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/hornfel,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/hornfel.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/hornfel_b,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/hornfel_b.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/hornfel_c,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/hornfel_c.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/hornfel_e,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/hornfel_e.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/hornfel_f,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/hornfel_f.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/hornfel_i,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/hornfel_i.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/hornfel_r,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/hornfel_r.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/hornfel_t,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/hornfel_t.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/lamp_black,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/lamp_black.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/lamp_blue,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/lamp_blue.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/lamp_brown,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/lamp_brown.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/lamp_cyan,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/lamp_cyan.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/lamp_gray,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/lamp_gray.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/lamp_green,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/lamp_green.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/lamp_lightblue,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/lamp_lightblue.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/lamp_lightgray,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/lamp_lightgray.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/lamp_lime,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/lamp_lime.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/lamp_magenta,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/lamp_magenta.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/lamp_orange,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/lamp_orange.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/lamp_pink,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/lamp_pink.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/lamp_purple,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/lamp_purple.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/lamp_red,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/lamp_red.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/lamp_white,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/lamp_white.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/lamp_yellow,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/lamp_yellow.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/lapisbricks,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/lapisbricks.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/limestone,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/limestone.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/limestone_b,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/limestone_b.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/limestone_c,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/limestone_c.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/limestone_e,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/limestone_e.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/limestone_f,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/limestone_f.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/limestone_i,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/limestone_i.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/limestone_r,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/limestone_r.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/limestone_t,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/limestone_t.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/marble,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/marble.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/marble_b,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/marble_b.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/marble_c,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/marble_c.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/marble_e,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/marble_e.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/marble_f,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/marble_f.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/marble_i,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/marble_i.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/marble_r,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/marble_r.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/marble_t,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/marble_t.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/migmatite,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/migmatite.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/migmatite_b,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/migmatite_b.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/migmatite_c,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/migmatite_c.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/migmatite_e,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/migmatite_e.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/migmatite_f,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/migmatite_f.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/migmatite_i,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/migmatite_i.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/migmatite_r,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/migmatite_r.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/migmatite_t,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/migmatite_t.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/obsidibricks,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/obsidibricks.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/onyx,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/onyx.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/onyx_b,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/onyx_b.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/onyx_c,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/onyx_c.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/onyx_e,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/onyx_e.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/onyx_f,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/onyx_f.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/onyx_i,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/onyx_i.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/onyx_r,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/onyx_r.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/onyx_t,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/onyx_t.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/opal,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/opal.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/opal_b,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/opal_b.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/opal_c,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/opal_c.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/opal_e,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/opal_e.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/opal_f,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/opal_f.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/opal_i,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/opal_i.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/opal_r,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/opal_r.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/opal_t,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/opal_t.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/peridotite,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/peridotite.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/peridotite_b,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/peridotite_b.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/peridotite_c,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/peridotite_c.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/peridotite_e,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/peridotite_e.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/peridotite_f,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/peridotite_f.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/peridotite_i,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/peridotite_i.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/peridotite_r,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/peridotite_r.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/peridotite_t,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/peridotite_t.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/pumice,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/pumice.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/pumice_b,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/pumice_b.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/pumice_c,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/pumice_c.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/pumice_e,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/pumice_e.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/pumice_f,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/pumice_f.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/pumice_i,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/pumice_i.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/pumice_r,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/pumice_r.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/pumice_t,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/pumice_t.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/quartz,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/quartz.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/quartz_b,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/quartz_b.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/quartz_c,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/quartz_c.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/quartz_e,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/quartz_e.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/quartz_f,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/quartz_f.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/quartz_i,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/quartz_i.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/quartz_r,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/quartz_r.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/quartz_t,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/quartz_t.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/quartzbricks,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/quartzbricks.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/redbricks,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/redbricks.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/sandstone,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/sandstone.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/sandstone_b,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/sandstone_b.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/sandstone_c,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/sandstone_c.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/sandstone_e,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/sandstone_e.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/sandstone_f,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/sandstone_f.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/sandstone_i,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/sandstone_i.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/sandstone_r,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/sandstone_r.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/sandstone_t,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/sandstone_t.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/schist,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/schist.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/schist_b,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/schist_b.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/schist_c,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/schist_c.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/schist_e,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/schist_e.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/schist_f,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/schist_f.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/schist_i,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/schist_i.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/schist_r,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/schist_r.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/schist_t,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/schist_t.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shale,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shale.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shale_b,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shale_b.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shale_c,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shale_c.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shale_e,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shale_e.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shale_f,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shale_f.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shale_i,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shale_i.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shale_r,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shale_r.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shale_t,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shale_t.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/slate,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/slate.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/slate_b,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/slate_b.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/slate_c,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/slate_c.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/slate_e,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/slate_e.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/slate_f,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/slate_f.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/slate_i,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/slate_i.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/slate_r,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/slate_r.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/slate_t,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/slate_t.png
texture:id=geostrata/guardian_outer,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/guardian_outer.png
texture:id=geostrata/plant,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/plant.png



# rock_blocks/Engraved_Rock:* (engravedrock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockShapedRock
block:id=rock_blocks/Engraved_Rock,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/granite_e
block:id=rock_blocks/Engraved_Rock,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/basalt_e
block:id=rock_blocks/Engraved_Rock,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/marble_e
block:id=rock_blocks/Engraved_Rock,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/limestone_e
block:id=rock_blocks/Engraved_Rock,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shale_e
block:id=rock_blocks/Engraved_Rock,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/sandstone_e
block:id=rock_blocks/Engraved_Rock,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/pumice_e
block:id=rock_blocks/Engraved_Rock,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/slate_e
block:id=rock_blocks/Engraved_Rock,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/gneiss_e
block:id=rock_blocks/Engraved_Rock,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/peridotite_e
block:id=rock_blocks/Engraved_Rock,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/quartz_e
block:id=rock_blocks/Engraved_Rock,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/granulite_e
block:id=rock_blocks/Engraved_Rock,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/hornfel_e
block:id=rock_blocks/Engraved_Rock,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/migmatite_e
block:id=rock_blocks/Engraved_Rock,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/schist_e
block:id=rock_blocks/Engraved_Rock,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/onyx_e

# rock_blocks/Engraved_Rock_2:* (engravedrock2), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockShapedRock
block:id=rock_blocks/Engraved_Rock_2,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/opal_e

# rock_blocks/Fitted_Rock:* (fittedrock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockShapedRock
block:id=rock_blocks/Fitted_Rock,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/granite_f
block:id=rock_blocks/Fitted_Rock,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/basalt_f
block:id=rock_blocks/Fitted_Rock,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/marble_f
block:id=rock_blocks/Fitted_Rock,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/limestone_f
block:id=rock_blocks/Fitted_Rock,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shale_f
block:id=rock_blocks/Fitted_Rock,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/sandstone_f
block:id=rock_blocks/Fitted_Rock,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/pumice_f
block:id=rock_blocks/Fitted_Rock,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/slate_f
block:id=rock_blocks/Fitted_Rock,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/gneiss_f
block:id=rock_blocks/Fitted_Rock,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/peridotite_f
block:id=rock_blocks/Fitted_Rock,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/quartz_f
block:id=rock_blocks/Fitted_Rock,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/granulite_f
block:id=rock_blocks/Fitted_Rock,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/hornfel_f
block:id=rock_blocks/Fitted_Rock,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/migmatite_f
block:id=rock_blocks/Fitted_Rock,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/schist_f
block:id=rock_blocks/Fitted_Rock,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/onyx_f

# rock_blocks/Fitted_Rock_2:* (fittedrock2), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockShapedRock
block:id=rock_blocks/Fitted_Rock_2,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/opal_f

# rock_blocks/Guardian_Stone:* (guardianstone), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockGuardianStone
block:id=rock_blocks/Guardian_Stone,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:geostrata/guardian_outer

# rock_blocks/Inscribed_Stone:* (inscribedstone), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockShapedRock
block:id=rock_blocks/Inscribed_Stone,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/granite_i
block:id=rock_blocks/Inscribed_Stone,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/basalt_i
block:id=rock_blocks/Inscribed_Stone,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/marble_i
block:id=rock_blocks/Inscribed_Stone,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/limestone_i
block:id=rock_blocks/Inscribed_Stone,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shale_i
block:id=rock_blocks/Inscribed_Stone,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/sandstone_i
block:id=rock_blocks/Inscribed_Stone,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/pumice_i
block:id=rock_blocks/Inscribed_Stone,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/slate_i
block:id=rock_blocks/Inscribed_Stone,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/gneiss_i
block:id=rock_blocks/Inscribed_Stone,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/peridotite_i
block:id=rock_blocks/Inscribed_Stone,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/quartz_i
block:id=rock_blocks/Inscribed_Stone,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/granulite_i
block:id=rock_blocks/Inscribed_Stone,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/hornfel_i
block:id=rock_blocks/Inscribed_Stone,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/migmatite_i
block:id=rock_blocks/Inscribed_Stone,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/schist_i
block:id=rock_blocks/Inscribed_Stone,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/onyx_i

# rock_blocks/Inscribed_Stone_2:* (inscribedstone2), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockShapedRock
block:id=rock_blocks/Inscribed_Stone_2,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/opal_i

# rock_blocks/Rock_Tile:* (rocktile), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockShapedRock
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Tile,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/granite_t
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Tile,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/basalt_t
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Tile,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/marble_t
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Tile,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/limestone_t
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Tile,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shale_t
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Tile,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/sandstone_t
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Tile,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/pumice_t
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Tile,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/slate_t
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Tile,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/gneiss_t
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Tile,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/peridotite_t
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Tile,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/quartz_t
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Tile,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/granulite_t
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Tile,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/hornfel_t
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Tile,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/migmatite_t
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Tile,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/schist_t
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Tile,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/onyx_t

# rock_blocks/Rock_Tile_2:* (rocktile2), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockShapedRock
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Tile_2,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/opal_t

# rock_blocks/Round_Brick:* (roundbrick), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockShapedRock
block:id=rock_blocks/Round_Brick,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/granite_r
block:id=rock_blocks/Round_Brick,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/basalt_r
block:id=rock_blocks/Round_Brick,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/marble_r
block:id=rock_blocks/Round_Brick,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/limestone_r
block:id=rock_blocks/Round_Brick,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shale_r
block:id=rock_blocks/Round_Brick,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/sandstone_r
block:id=rock_blocks/Round_Brick,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/pumice_r
block:id=rock_blocks/Round_Brick,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/slate_r
block:id=rock_blocks/Round_Brick,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/gneiss_r
block:id=rock_blocks/Round_Brick,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/peridotite_r
block:id=rock_blocks/Round_Brick,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/quartz_r
block:id=rock_blocks/Round_Brick,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/granulite_r
block:id=rock_blocks/Round_Brick,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/hornfel_r
block:id=rock_blocks/Round_Brick,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/migmatite_r
block:id=rock_blocks/Round_Brick,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/schist_r
block:id=rock_blocks/Round_Brick,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/onyx_r

# rock_blocks/Round_Brick_2:* (roundbrick2), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockShapedRock
block:id=rock_blocks/Round_Brick_2,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/opal_r

# rock_blocks/Crystal_Bloom:* (crystalbloom), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockCrystalPlant
block:id=rock_blocks/Crystal_Bloom,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:geostrata/plant

# rock_blocks/Cave_Crystal:* (cavecrystal), render=Reika.GeoStrata.Rendering.CrystalRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockCaveCrystal
block:id=rock_blocks/Cave_Crystal,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/crystal_outline

# rock_blocks/Crystal_Brewery:* (crystalbrewery), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockCrystalBrewer
block:id=rock_blocks/Crystal_Brewery,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:GeoStrata/brewer_bottom,face1=0:GeoStrata/brewer_top,face2-5=0:GeoStrata/brewer_side

# rock_blocks/Crystal_Lamp:* (crystallamp), render=Reika.GeoStrata.Rendering.CrystalRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockCrystalLamp
block:id=rock_blocks/Crystal_Lamp,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/lamp_black
block:id=rock_blocks/Crystal_Lamp,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/lamp_red
block:id=rock_blocks/Crystal_Lamp,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/lamp_green
block:id=rock_blocks/Crystal_Lamp,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/lamp_brown
block:id=rock_blocks/Crystal_Lamp,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/lamp_blue
block:id=rock_blocks/Crystal_Lamp,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/lamp_purple
block:id=rock_blocks/Crystal_Lamp,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/lamp_cyan
block:id=rock_blocks/Crystal_Lamp,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/lamp_lightgray
block:id=rock_blocks/Crystal_Lamp,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/lamp_gray
block:id=rock_blocks/Crystal_Lamp,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/lamp_pink
block:id=rock_blocks/Crystal_Lamp,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/lamp_lime
block:id=rock_blocks/Crystal_Lamp,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/lamp_yellow
block:id=rock_blocks/Crystal_Lamp,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/lamp_lightblue
block:id=rock_blocks/Crystal_Lamp,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/lamp_magenta
block:id=rock_blocks/Crystal_Lamp,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/lamp_orange
block:id=rock_blocks/Crystal_Lamp,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/lamp_white

# rock_blocks/Deco_Blocks:* (decoblocks), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockRockDeco
block:id=rock_blocks/Deco_Blocks,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/obsidibricks
block:id=rock_blocks/Deco_Blocks,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/quartzbricks
block:id=rock_blocks/Deco_Blocks,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/glowbricks
block:id=rock_blocks/Deco_Blocks,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/redbricks
block:id=rock_blocks/Deco_Blocks,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/lapisbricks
block:id=rock_blocks/Deco_Blocks,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/emeraldbricks

# rock_blocks/Rock_Brick:* (rockbrick), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockShapedRock
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Brick,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/granite_b
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Brick,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/basalt_b
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Brick,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/marble_b
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Brick,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/limestone_b
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Brick,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shale_b
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Brick,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/sandstone_b
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Brick,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/pumice_b
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Brick,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/slate_b
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Brick,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/gneiss_b
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Brick,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/peridotite_b
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Brick,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/quartz_b
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Brick,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/granulite_b
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Brick,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/hornfel_b
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Brick,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/migmatite_b
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Brick,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/schist_b
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Brick,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/onyx_b

# rock_blocks/Rock_Cobble:* (rockcobble), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockShapedRock
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Cobble,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/granite_c
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Cobble,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/basalt_c
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Cobble,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/marble_c
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Cobble,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/limestone_c
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Cobble,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shale_c
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Cobble,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/sandstone_c
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Cobble,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/pumice_c
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Cobble,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/slate_c
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Cobble,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/gneiss_c
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Cobble,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/peridotite_c
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Cobble,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/quartz_c
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Cobble,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/granulite_c
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Cobble,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/hornfel_c
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Cobble,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/migmatite_c
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Cobble,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/schist_c
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Cobble,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/onyx_c

# rock_blocks/Smooth_Rock:* (smoothrock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockSmooth
block:id=rock_blocks/Smooth_Rock,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/granite
block:id=rock_blocks/Smooth_Rock,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/basalt
block:id=rock_blocks/Smooth_Rock,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/marble
block:id=rock_blocks/Smooth_Rock,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/limestone
block:id=rock_blocks/Smooth_Rock,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shale
block:id=rock_blocks/Smooth_Rock,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/sandstone
block:id=rock_blocks/Smooth_Rock,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/pumice
block:id=rock_blocks/Smooth_Rock,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/slate
block:id=rock_blocks/Smooth_Rock,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/gneiss
block:id=rock_blocks/Smooth_Rock,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/peridotite
block:id=rock_blocks/Smooth_Rock,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/quartz
block:id=rock_blocks/Smooth_Rock,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/granulite
block:id=rock_blocks/Smooth_Rock,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/hornfel
block:id=rock_blocks/Smooth_Rock,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/migmatite
block:id=rock_blocks/Smooth_Rock,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/schist
block:id=rock_blocks/Smooth_Rock,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/onyx

# rock_blocks/Potion_Crystal:* (potioncrystal), render=Reika.GeoStrata.Rendering.CrystalRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockSuperCrystal
block:id=rock_blocks/Potion_Crystal,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/lamp_black
block:id=rock_blocks/Potion_Crystal,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/lamp_red
block:id=rock_blocks/Potion_Crystal,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/lamp_green
block:id=rock_blocks/Potion_Crystal,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/lamp_brown
block:id=rock_blocks/Potion_Crystal,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/lamp_blue
block:id=rock_blocks/Potion_Crystal,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/lamp_purple
block:id=rock_blocks/Potion_Crystal,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/lamp_cyan
block:id=rock_blocks/Potion_Crystal,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/lamp_lightgray
block:id=rock_blocks/Potion_Crystal,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/lamp_gray
block:id=rock_blocks/Potion_Crystal,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/lamp_pink
block:id=rock_blocks/Potion_Crystal,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/lamp_lime
block:id=rock_blocks/Potion_Crystal,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/lamp_yellow
block:id=rock_blocks/Potion_Crystal,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/lamp_lightblue
block:id=rock_blocks/Potion_Crystal,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/lamp_magenta
block:id=rock_blocks/Potion_Crystal,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/lamp_orange
block:id=rock_blocks/Potion_Crystal,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/lamp_white

# rock_blocks/Rock_Brick_2:* (rockbrick2), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockShapedRock
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Brick_2,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/opal_b

# rock_blocks/Rock_Cobble_2:* (rockcobble2), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockShapedRock
block:id=rock_blocks/Rock_Cobble_2,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/opal_c

# rock_blocks/Smooth_Rock_2:* (smoothrock2), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockSmooth
block:id=rock_blocks/Smooth_Rock_2,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/opal
