# IC2 2.0.370-experimental
version:1.6
modname:IC2


var:blockLuminator=0,blockDoorAlloy=0,blockDynamiteRemote=0,blockMiningTip=0,blockFenceIron=0,blockMiningPipe=0,blockMachine2=0,blockfluidUuMatter=0,blockOreCopper=0,blockWall=0
var:blockRubLeaves=0,blockfluidCf=0,blockMetal=0,blockGenerator=0,blockBarrel=0,blockDynamite=0,blockMachine=0,blockRubber=0,blockFoam=0,blockIronScaffold=0
var:blockHarz=0,blockRubSapling=0,blockOreLead=0,blockFluidcoolant=0,blockAlloyGlass=0,blockRubWood=0,blockOreUran=0,blockCable=0,blockAlloy=0,blockReactorChamber=0
var:blockITNT=0,blockReinforcedFoam=0,blockOreTin=0,blockPersonal=0,blockLuminatorDark=0,blockCrop=0,blockElectric=0,blockScaffold=0,blockNuke=0

cfgfile:config/IC2.cfg


texturepath:assets/ic2/textures/blocks/
texture:id=ic2/blockAlloy,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/blockAlloy.png
texture:id=ic2/blockAlloyGlass,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/blockAlloyGlass.png
texture:id=ic2/blockBarrel,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/blockBarrel.png,xcount=6,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/blockDoorAlloy.bottom,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/blockDoorAlloy.bottom.png
texture:id=ic2/blockDoorAlloy.top,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/blockDoorAlloy.top.png
texture:id=ic2/blockDynamite,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/blockDynamite.png
texture:id=ic2/blockDynamiteRemote,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/blockDynamiteRemote.png
texture:id=ic2/blockFenceIron,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/blockFenceIron.png
texture:id=ic2/blockHarz,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/blockHarz.png
texture:id=ic2/blockITNT,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/blockITNT.png,xcount=6,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/blockIronScaffold,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/blockIronScaffold.png,xcount=6,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/blockIronScaffold.reinforced,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/blockIronScaffold.reinforced.png,xcount=6,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/blockMetalBronze,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/blockMetalBronze.png
texture:id=ic2/blockMetalCopper,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/blockMetalCopper.png
texture:id=ic2/blockMetalLead,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/blockMetalLead.png
texture:id=ic2/blockMetalTin,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/blockMetalTin.png
texture:id=ic2/blockMetalUranium,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/blockMetalUranium.png,xcount=6,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/blockNuke,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/blockNuke.png,xcount=6,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/blockOreCopper,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/blockOreCopper.png
texture:id=ic2/blockOreLead,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/blockOreLead.png
texture:id=ic2/blockOreTin,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/blockOreTin.png
texture:id=ic2/blockOreUran,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/blockOreUran.png
texture:id=ic2/blockRubLeaves,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/blockRubLeaves.png
texture:id=ic2/blockRubSapling,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/blockRubSapling.png
texture:id=ic2/blockRubWood,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/blockRubWood.png,xcount=6,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/blockRubWood.dry,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/blockRubWood.dry.png,xcount=6,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/blockRubWood.wet,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/blockRubWood.wet.png,xcount=6,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/blockRubber,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/blockRubber.png
texture:id=ic2/blockScaffold,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/blockScaffold.png,xcount=6,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/blockScaffold.reinforced,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/blockScaffold.reinforced.png,xcount=6,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/blockconstructionfoam_flow,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/blockconstructionfoam_flow.png
texture:id=ic2/blockconstructionfoam_still,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/blockconstructionfoam_still.png
texture:id=ic2/blockic2coolant_flow,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/blockic2coolant_flow.png
texture:id=ic2/blockic2coolant_still,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/blockic2coolant_still.png
texture:id=ic2/blockuumatter_flow,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/blockuumatter_flow.png
texture:id=ic2/blockuumatter_still,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/blockuumatter_still.png
texture:id=ic2/cf/blockFoam,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/cf/blockFoam.png
texture:id=ic2/cf/blockReinforcedFoam,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/cf/blockReinforcedFoam.png
texture:id=ic2/cf/blockWall.black,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/cf/blockWall.black.png
texture:id=ic2/cf/blockWall.blue,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/cf/blockWall.blue.png
texture:id=ic2/cf/blockWall.brown,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/cf/blockWall.brown.png
texture:id=ic2/cf/blockWall.cyan,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/cf/blockWall.cyan.png
texture:id=ic2/cf/blockWall.gray,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/cf/blockWall.gray.png
texture:id=ic2/cf/blockWall.green,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/cf/blockWall.green.png
texture:id=ic2/cf/blockWall.lightBlue,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/cf/blockWall.lightBlue.png
texture:id=ic2/cf/blockWall.lightGray,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/cf/blockWall.lightGray.png
texture:id=ic2/cf/blockWall.lime,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/cf/blockWall.lime.png
texture:id=ic2/cf/blockWall.magenta,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/cf/blockWall.magenta.png
texture:id=ic2/cf/blockWall.orange,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/cf/blockWall.orange.png
texture:id=ic2/cf/blockWall.pink,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/cf/blockWall.pink.png
texture:id=ic2/cf/blockWall.purple,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/cf/blockWall.purple.png
texture:id=ic2/cf/blockWall.red,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/cf/blockWall.red.png
texture:id=ic2/cf/blockWall.white,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/cf/blockWall.white.png
texture:id=ic2/cf/blockWall.yellow,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/cf/blockWall.yellow.png
texture:id=ic2/crop/blockCrop.stick,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/crop/blockCrop.stick.png
texture:id=ic2/crop/blockCrop.stick.upgraded,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/crop/blockCrop.stick.upgraded.png
texture:id=ic2/generator/blockGenerator,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/generator/blockGenerator.png,xcount=12,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/generator/blockGeoGenerator,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/generator/blockGeoGenerator.png,xcount=12,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/generator/blockNuclearReactor,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/generator/blockNuclearReactor.png,xcount=12,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/generator/blockRTGenerator,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/generator/blockRTGenerator.png,xcount=12,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/generator/blockReactorChamber,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/generator/blockReactorChamber.png,xcount=6,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/generator/blockSemifluidGenerator,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/generator/blockSemifluidGenerator.png,xcount=12,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/generator/blockSolarGenerator,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/generator/blockSolarGenerator.png,xcount=6,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/generator/blockWaterGenerator,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/generator/blockWaterGenerator.png,xcount=6,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/generator/blockWindGenerator,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/generator/blockWindGenerator.png,xcount=6,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/machine/blockAdvMachine,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/machine/blockAdvMachine.png
texture:id=ic2/machine/blockAdvMiner,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/machine/blockAdvMiner.png,xcount=12,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/machine/blockCanner,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/machine/blockCanner.png,xcount=12,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/machine/blockCentrifuge,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/machine/blockCentrifuge.png,xcount=12,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/machine/blockCompressor,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/machine/blockCompressor.png,xcount=12,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/machine/blockCropmatron,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/machine/blockCropmatron.png,xcount=12,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/machine/blockElecFurnace,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/machine/blockElecFurnace.png,xcount=12,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/machine/blockElectrolyzer,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/machine/blockElectrolyzer.png,xcount=12,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/machine/blockExtractor,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/machine/blockExtractor.png,xcount=12,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/machine/blockFluidBottler,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/machine/blockFluidBottler.png,xcount=12,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/machine/blockInduction,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/machine/blockInduction.png,xcount=12,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/machine/blockIronFurnace,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/machine/blockIronFurnace.png,xcount=12,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/machine/blockMacerator,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/machine/blockMacerator.png,xcount=12,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/machine/blockMachine,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/machine/blockMachine.png
texture:id=ic2/machine/blockMagnetizer,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/machine/blockMagnetizer.png,xcount=6,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/machine/blockMatter,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/machine/blockMatter.png,xcount=12,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/machine/blockMetalFormer,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/machine/blockMetalFormer.png,xcount=12,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/machine/blockMiner,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/machine/blockMiner.png,xcount=12,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/machine/blockMiningPipe,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/machine/blockMiningPipe.png
texture:id=ic2/machine/blockMiningTip,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/machine/blockMiningTip.png
texture:id=ic2/machine/blockOreWashingPlant,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/machine/blockOreWashingPlant.png,xcount=12,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/machine/blockPatternStorage,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/machine/blockPatternStorage.png,xcount=6,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/machine/blockPump,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/machine/blockPump.png,xcount=12,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/machine/blockRecycler,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/machine/blockRecycler.png,xcount=12,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/machine/blockReplicator,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/machine/blockReplicator.png,xcount=12,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/machine/blockScanner,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/machine/blockScanner.png,xcount=6,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/machine/blockSolidCanner,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/machine/blockSolidCanner.png,xcount=12,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/machine/blockTeleporter,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/machine/blockTeleporter.png,xcount=12,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/machine/blockTerra,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/machine/blockTerra.png,xcount=12,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/machine/blockTesla,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/machine/blockTesla.png,xcount=6,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/personal/blockPersonalChest,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/personal/blockPersonalChest.png,xcount=6,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/personal/blockPersonalTrader,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/personal/blockPersonalTrader.png,xcount=6,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/personal/blockPersonalTraderEnergy,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/personal/blockPersonalTraderEnergy.png,xcount=6,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/wiring/blockBatBox,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/wiring/blockBatBox.png,xcount=6,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/wiring/blockCESU,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/wiring/blockCESU.png,xcount=6,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/wiring/blockLuminator,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/wiring/blockLuminator.png
texture:id=ic2/wiring/blockLuminatorDark,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/wiring/blockLuminatorDark.png
texture:id=ic2/wiring/blockMFE,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/wiring/blockMFE.png,xcount=6,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/wiring/blockMFSU,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/wiring/blockMFSU.png,xcount=6,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/wiring/blockTransformerEV,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/wiring/blockTransformerEV.png,xcount=12,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/wiring/blockTransformerHV,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/wiring/blockTransformerHV.png,xcount=12,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/wiring/blockTransformerLV,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/wiring/blockTransformerLV.png,xcount=12,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/wiring/blockTransformerMV,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/wiring/blockTransformerMV.png,xcount=12,ycount=1
texture:id=ic2/wiring/cable/blockCable,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/wiring/cable/blockCable.png
texture:id=ic2/wiring/cable/blockCableO,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/wiring/cable/blockCableO.png
texture:id=ic2/wiring/cable/blockDetectorCable,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/wiring/cable/blockDetectorCable.png
texture:id=ic2/wiring/cable/blockGlassCable,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/wiring/cable/blockGlassCable.png
texture:id=ic2/wiring/cable/blockGoldCable,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/wiring/cable/blockGoldCable.png
texture:id=ic2/wiring/cable/blockGoldCableI,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/wiring/cable/blockGoldCableI.png
texture:id=ic2/wiring/cable/blockGoldCableII,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/wiring/cable/blockGoldCableII.png
texture:id=ic2/wiring/cable/blockIronCable,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/wiring/cable/blockIronCable.png
texture:id=ic2/wiring/cable/blockIronCableI,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/wiring/cable/blockIronCableI.png
texture:id=ic2/wiring/cable/blockIronCableII,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/wiring/cable/blockIronCableII.png
texture:id=ic2/wiring/cable/blockIronCableIIII,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/wiring/cable/blockIronCableIIII.png
texture:id=ic2/wiring/cable/blockSplitterCable,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/wiring/cable/blockSplitterCable.png
texture:id=ic2/wiring/cable/blockTinCable,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/wiring/cable/blockTinCable.png
texture:id=ic2/wiring/cable/blockTinCableI,filename=assets/ic2/textures/blocks/wiring/cable/blockTinCableI.png



# blockIronScaffold:* (blockIronScaffold), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=ic2.core.block.BlockScaffold
block:id=blockIronScaffold,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0=0,face1=1,face2=5,face3=3,face4=4,face5=2,txtid=ic2/blockIronScaffold
block:id=blockIronScaffold,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0=0,face1=1,face2=5,face3=3,face4=4,face5=2,txtid=ic2/blockIronScaffold.reinforced
block:id=blockIronScaffold,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0=0,face1=1,face2=5,face3=3,face4=4,face5=2,txtid=ic2/blockIronScaffold

# blockBarrel:* (blockBarrel), render=ic2.core.block.RenderBlockDefault(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=ic2.core.block.BlockBarrel
block:id=blockBarrel,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0,face1=1,face2=5,face3=3,face4=4,face5=2,txtid=ic2/blockBarrel

# blockCrop:* (blockCrop), render=ic2.core.block.RenderBlockCrop(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=ic2.core.block.BlockCrop
block:id=blockCrop,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:ic2/crop/blockCrop.stick
block:id=blockCrop,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:ic2/crop/blockCrop.stick.upgraded
block:id=blockCrop,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:ic2/crop/blockCrop.stick

# blockLuminatorDark:* (blockLuminatorDark), render=ic2.core.block.wiring.RenderBlockLuminator(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=ic2.core.block.wiring.BlockLuminator
block:id=blockLuminatorDark,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:ic2/wiring/blockLuminatorDark

# blockScaffold:* (blockScaffold), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=ic2.core.block.BlockScaffold
block:id=blockScaffold,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0=0,face1=1,face2=5,face3=3,face4=4,face5=2,txtid=ic2/blockScaffold
block:id=blockScaffold,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0=0,face1=1,face2=5,face3=3,face4=4,face5=2,txtid=ic2/blockScaffold.reinforced
block:id=blockScaffold,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0=0,face1=1,face2=5,face3=3,face4=4,face5=2,txtid=ic2/blockScaffold

# blockWall:* (blockWall), render=ic2.core.block.RenderBlockWall(WALL), opaque=true,cls=ic2.core.block.BlockWall
block:id=blockWall,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:ic2/cf/blockWall.black
block:id=blockWall,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:ic2/cf/blockWall.red
block:id=blockWall,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:ic2/cf/blockWall.green
block:id=blockWall,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:ic2/cf/blockWall.brown
block:id=blockWall,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:ic2/cf/blockWall.blue
block:id=blockWall,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:ic2/cf/blockWall.purple
block:id=blockWall,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:ic2/cf/blockWall.cyan
block:id=blockWall,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:ic2/cf/blockWall.lightGray
block:id=blockWall,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:ic2/cf/blockWall.gray
block:id=blockWall,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:ic2/cf/blockWall.pink
block:id=blockWall,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:ic2/cf/blockWall.lime
block:id=blockWall,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:ic2/cf/blockWall.yellow
block:id=blockWall,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:ic2/cf/blockWall.lightBlue
block:id=blockWall,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:ic2/cf/blockWall.magenta
block:id=blockWall,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:ic2/cf/blockWall.orange
block:id=blockWall,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:ic2/cf/blockWall.white

# blockFoam:* (blockFoam), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=ic2.core.block.BlockFoam
block:id=blockFoam,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:ic2/cf/blockFoam


# blockMachine2:* (blockMachine2), render=ic2.core.block.RenderBlockDefault(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=ic2.core.block.machine.BlockMachine2
block:id=blockMachine2,data=0,stdrot=true,patch0=0,patch1=1,patch2=3,patch3=5,patch4=4,patch5=2,txtid=ic2/machine/blockTeleporter
block:id=blockMachine2,data=1,stdrot=true,patch0=0,patch1=1,patch2=3,patch3=5,patch4=4,patch5=2,txtid=ic2/machine/blockTesla
block:id=blockMachine2,data=2,stdrot=true,patch0=0,patch1=1,patch2=3,patch3=5,patch4=4,patch5=2,txtid=ic2/machine/blockCropmatron
block:id=blockMachine2,data=3,stdrot=true,patch0=0,patch1=1,patch2=3,patch3=5,patch4=4,patch5=2,txtid=ic2/machine/blockCentrifuge
block:id=blockMachine2,data=4,stdrot=true,patch0=0,patch1=1,patch2=3,patch3=5,patch4=4,patch5=2,txtid=ic2/machine/blockMetalFormer
block:id=blockMachine2,data=5,stdrot=true,patch0=0,patch1=1,patch2=3,patch3=5,patch4=4,patch5=2,txtid=ic2/machine/blockOreWashingPlant
block:id=blockMachine2,data=6,stdrot=true,patch0=0,patch1=1,patch2=3,patch3=5,patch4=4,patch5=2,txtid=ic2/machine/blockPatternStorage
block:id=blockMachine2,data=7,stdrot=true,patch0=0,patch1=1,patch2=3,patch3=5,patch4=4,patch5=2,txtid=ic2/machine/blockScanner
block:id=blockMachine2,data=8,stdrot=true,patch0=0,patch1=1,patch2=3,patch3=5,patch4=4,patch5=2,txtid=ic2/machine/blockReplicator
block:id=blockMachine2,data=9,stdrot=true,patch0=0,patch1=1,patch2=3,patch3=5,patch4=4,patch5=2,txtid=ic2/machine/blockSolidCanner
block:id=blockMachine2,data=10,stdrot=true,patch0=0,patch1=1,patch2=3,patch3=5,patch4=4,patch5=2,txtid=ic2/machine/blockFluidBottler
block:id=blockMachine2,data=11,stdrot=true,patch0=0,patch1=1,patch2=3,patch3=5,patch4=4,patch5=2,txtid=ic2/machine/blockAdvMiner

# blockMetal:* (blockMetal), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=ic2.core.block.BlockMetal
block:id=blockMetal,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:ic2/blockMetalCopper
block:id=blockMetal,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:ic2/blockMetalTin
block:id=blockMetal,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:ic2/blockMetalBronze
block:id=blockMetal,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0,face1=1,face2=5,face3=3,face4=4,face5=2,txtid=ic2/blockMetalUranium
block:id=blockMetal,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:ic2/blockMetalLead

# blockPersonal:* (blockPersonal), render=ic2.core.block.personal.RenderBlockPersonal(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=ic2.core.block.personal.BlockPersonal
block:id=blockPersonal,data=0,stdrot=true,patch0=0,patch1=1,patch2=3,patch3=5,patch4=4,patch5=2,txtid=ic2/personal/blockPersonalChest
block:id=blockPersonal,data=1,stdrot=true,patch0=0,patch1=1,patch2=3,patch3=5,patch4=4,patch5=2,txtid=ic2/personal/blockPersonalTrader
block:id=blockPersonal,data=2,stdrot=true,patch0=0,patch1=1,patch2=3,patch3=5,patch4=4,patch5=2,txtid=ic2/personal/blockPersonalTraderEnergy

# blockLuminator:* (blockLuminator), render=ic2.core.block.wiring.RenderBlockLuminator(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=ic2.core.block.wiring.BlockLuminator
block:id=blockLuminator,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:ic2/wiring/blockLuminator

# blockElectric:* (blockElectric), render=ic2.core.block.RenderBlockDefault(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=ic2.core.block.wiring.BlockElectric
block:id=blockElectric,data=0,stdrot=true,patch0=0,patch1=1,patch2=3,patch3=5,patch4=4,patch5=2,txtid=ic2/wiring/blockBatBox
block:id=blockElectric,data=1,stdrot=true,patch0=0,patch1=1,patch2=3,patch3=5,patch4=4,patch5=2,txtid=ic2/wiring/blockMFE
block:id=blockElectric,data=2,stdrot=true,patch0=0,patch1=1,patch2=3,patch3=5,patch4=4,patch5=2,txtid=ic2/wiring/blockMFSU
block:id=blockElectric,data=3,stdrot=true,patch0=0,patch1=1,patch2=3,patch3=5,patch4=4,patch5=2,txtid=ic2/wiring/blockTransformerLV
block:id=blockElectric,data=4,stdrot=true,patch0=0,patch1=1,patch2=3,patch3=5,patch4=4,patch5=2,txtid=ic2/wiring/blockTransformerMV
block:id=blockElectric,data=5,stdrot=true,patch0=0,patch1=1,patch2=3,patch3=5,patch4=4,patch5=2,txtid=ic2/wiring/blockTransformerHV
block:id=blockElectric,data=6,stdrot=true,patch0=0,patch1=1,patch2=3,patch3=5,patch4=4,patch5=2,txtid=ic2/wiring/blockTransformerEV
block:id=blockElectric,data=7,stdrot=true,patch0=0,patch1=1,patch2=3,patch3=5,patch4=4,patch5=2,txtid=ic2/wiring/blockCESU

# blockCable:* (blockCable), render=ic2.core.block.wiring.RenderBlockCable(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=ic2.core.block.wiring.BlockCable
block:id=blockCable,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:ic2/wiring/cable/blockCable
block:id=blockCable,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:ic2/wiring/cable/blockCableO
block:id=blockCable,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:ic2/wiring/cable/blockGoldCable
block:id=blockCable,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:ic2/wiring/cable/blockGoldCableI
block:id=blockCable,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:ic2/wiring/cable/blockGoldCableII
block:id=blockCable,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:ic2/wiring/cable/blockIronCable
block:id=blockCable,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:ic2/wiring/cable/blockIronCableI
block:id=blockCable,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:ic2/wiring/cable/blockIronCableII
block:id=blockCable,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:ic2/wiring/cable/blockIronCableIIII
block:id=blockCable,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:ic2/wiring/cable/blockGlassCable
block:id=blockCable,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:ic2/wiring/cable/blockTinCable
block:id=blockCable,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:ic2/wiring/cable/blockDetectorCable
block:id=blockCable,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:ic2/wiring/cable/blockSplitterCable
block:id=blockCable,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:ic2/wiring/cable/blockTinCableI

# blockDoorAlloy:* (blockDoorAlloy), render=(DOOR), opaque=false,cls=ic2.core.block.BlockIC2Door
block:id=blockDoorAlloy,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:ic2/blockDoorAlloy.top,patch1=0:ic2/blockDoorAlloy.bottom

# blockAlloyGlass:* (blockAlloyGlass), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=ic2.core.block.BlockTexGlass
block:id=blockAlloyGlass,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:ic2/blockAlloyGlass

# blockAlloy:* (blockAlloy), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=ic2.core.block.BlockMetaData
block:id=blockAlloy,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:ic2/blockAlloy

# blockFenceIron:* (blockFenceIron), render=ic2.core.block.RenderBlockFence(FENCE), opaque=false,cls=ic2.core.block.BlockPoleFence
block:id=blockFenceIron,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:ic2/blockFenceIron

# blockReactorChamber:* (blockReactorChamber), render=ic2.core.block.RenderBlockDefault(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=ic2.core.block.generator.block.BlockReactorChamber
block:id=blockReactorChamber,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0,face1=1,face2=5,face3=3,face4=4,face5=2,txtid=ic2/generator/blockReactorChamber

# blockRubber:* (blockRubber), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=ic2.core.block.BlockRubberSheet
block:id=blockRubber,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:ic2/blockRubber

# blockDynamiteRemote:* (blockDynamiteRemote), render=(TORCH), opaque=false,cls=ic2.core.block.BlockDynamite
block:id=blockDynamiteRemote,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:ic2/blockDynamiteRemote

# blockDynamite:* (blockDynamite), render=(TORCH), opaque=false,cls=ic2.core.block.BlockDynamite
block:id=blockDynamite,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:ic2/blockDynamite

# blockNuke:* (blockNuke), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=ic2.core.block.BlockITNT
block:id=blockNuke,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0,face1=1,face2=5,face3=3,face4=4,face5=2,txtid=ic2/blockNuke

# blockITNT:* (blockITNT), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=ic2.core.block.BlockITNT
block:id=blockITNT,data=0,stdstdrot=true,face0=0,face1=1,face2=5,face3=3,face4=4,face5=2,txtid=ic2/blockITNT

# blockHarz:* (blockHarz), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=ic2.core.block.BlockResin
block:id=blockHarz,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:ic2/blockHarz

# blockRubSapling:* (blockRubSapling), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=ic2.core.block.BlockRubSapling
block:id=blockRubSapling,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:ic2/blockRubSapling

# blockRubLeaves:* (blockRubLeaves), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=ic2.core.block.BlockRubLeaves
block:id=blockRubLeaves,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=14000:ic2/blockRubLeaves

# blockRubWood:* (blockRubWood), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=ic2.core.block.BlockRubWood
block:id=blockRubWood,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0,face1=1,face2=5,face3=3,face4=4,face5=2,txtid=ic2/blockRubWood
block:id=blockRubWood,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0,face1=1,face2=5,face3=3,face4=4,face5=2,txtid=ic2/blockRubWood.wet
block:id=blockRubWood,data=6,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0,face1=1,face2=5,face3=3,face4=4,face5=2,txtid=ic2/blockRubWood
block:id=blockRubWood,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0,face1=1,face2=5,face3=3,face4=4,face5=2,txtid=ic2/blockRubWood.dry
block:id=blockRubWood,data=12,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0,face1=1,face2=5,face3=3,face4=4,face5=2,txtid=ic2/blockRubWood
block:id=blockRubWood,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0,face1=1,face2=5,face3=3,face4=4,face5=2,txtid=ic2/blockRubWood.dry

# blockMiningTip:* (blockMiningTip), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=ic2.core.block.machine.BlockMiningTip
block:id=blockMiningTip,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:ic2/machine/blockMiningTip

# blockMiningPipe:* (blockMiningPipe), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=ic2.core.block.machine.BlockMiningPipe
block:id=blockMiningPipe,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:ic2/machine/blockMiningPipe

# blockGenerator:* (blockGenerator), render=ic2.core.block.RenderBlockDefault(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=ic2.core.block.generator.block.BlockGenerator
block:id=blockGenerator,data=0,stdrot=true,patch0=0,patch1=1,patch2=3,patch3=5,patch4=4,patch5=2,txtid=ic2/generator/blockGenerator
block:id=blockGenerator,data=1,stdrot=true,patch0=0,patch1=1,patch2=3,patch3=5,patch4=4,patch5=2,txtid=ic2/generator/blockGeoGenerator
block:id=blockGenerator,data=2,stdrot=true,patch0=0,patch1=1,patch2=3,patch3=5,patch4=4,patch5=2,txtid=ic2/generator/blockWaterGenerator
block:id=blockGenerator,data=3,stdrot=true,patch0=0,patch1=1,patch2=3,patch3=5,patch4=4,patch5=2,txtid=ic2/generator/blockSolarGenerator
block:id=blockGenerator,data=4,stdrot=true,patch0=0,patch1=1,patch2=3,patch3=5,patch4=4,patch5=2,txtid=ic2/generator/blockWindGenerator
block:id=blockGenerator,data=5,stdrot=true,patch0=0,patch1=1,patch2=3,patch3=5,patch4=4,patch5=2,txtid=ic2/generator/blockNuclearReactor
block:id=blockGenerator,data=6,stdrot=true,patch0=0,patch1=1,patch2=3,patch3=5,patch4=4,patch5=2,txtid=ic2/generator/blockRTGenerator
block:id=blockGenerator,data=7,stdrot=true,patch0=0,patch1=1,patch2=3,patch3=5,patch4=4,patch5=2,txtid=ic2/generator/blockSemifluidGenerator

# blockOreUran:* (blockOreUran), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=ic2.core.block.BlockMetaData
block:id=blockOreUran,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:ic2/blockOreUran

# blockOreTin:* (blockOreTin), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=ic2.core.block.BlockMetaData
block:id=blockOreTin,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:ic2/blockOreTin

# blockOreCopper:* (blockOreCopper), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=ic2.core.block.BlockMetaData
block:id=blockOreCopper,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:ic2/blockOreCopper

# blockMachine:* (blockMachine), render=ic2.core.block.RenderBlockDefault(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=ic2.core.block.machine.BlockMachine
block:id=blockMachine,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:ic2/machine/blockMachine
block:id=blockMachine,data=1,stdrot=true,patch0=0,patch1=1,patch2=3,patch3=5,patch4=4,patch5=2,txtid=ic2/machine/blockIronFurnace
block:id=blockMachine,data=2,stdrot=true,patch0=0,patch1=1,patch2=3,patch3=5,patch4=4,patch5=2,txtid=ic2/machine/blockElecFurnace
block:id=blockMachine,data=3,stdrot=true,patch0=0,patch1=1,patch2=3,patch3=5,patch4=4,patch5=2,txtid=ic2/machine/blockMacerator
block:id=blockMachine,data=4,stdrot=true,patch0=0,patch1=1,patch2=3,patch3=5,patch4=4,patch5=2,txtid=ic2/machine/blockExtractor
block:id=blockMachine,data=5,stdrot=true,patch0=0,patch1=1,patch2=3,patch3=5,patch4=4,patch5=2,txtid=ic2/machine/blockCompressor
block:id=blockMachine,data=6,stdrot=true,patch0=0,patch1=1,patch2=3,patch3=5,patch4=4,patch5=2,txtid=ic2/machine/blockCanner
block:id=blockMachine,data=7,stdrot=true,patch0=0,patch1=1,patch2=3,patch3=5,patch4=4,patch5=2,txtid=ic2/machine/blockMiner
block:id=blockMachine,data=8,stdrot=true,patch0=0,patch1=1,patch2=3,patch3=5,patch4=4,patch5=2,txtid=ic2/machine/blockPump
block:id=blockMachine,data=9,stdrot=true,patch0=0,patch1=1,patch2=3,patch3=5,patch4=4,patch5=2,txtid=ic2/machine/blockMagnetizer
block:id=blockMachine,data=10,stdrot=true,patch0=0,patch1=1,patch2=3,patch3=5,patch4=4,patch5=2,txtid=ic2/machine/blockElectrolyzer
block:id=blockMachine,data=11,stdrot=true,patch0=0,patch1=1,patch2=3,patch3=5,patch4=4,patch5=2,txtid=ic2/machine/blockRecycler
block:id=blockMachine,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0,txtid=ic2/machine/blockAdvMachine
block:id=blockMachine,data=13,stdrot=true,patch0=0,patch1=1,patch2=3,patch3=5,patch4=4,patch5=2,txtid=ic2/machine/blockInduction
block:id=blockMachine,data=14,stdrot=true,patch0=0,patch1=1,patch2=3,patch3=5,patch4=4,patch5=2,txtid=ic2/machine/blockMatter
block:id=blockMachine,data=15,stdrot=true,patch0=0,patch1=1,patch2=3,patch3=5,patch4=4,patch5=2,txtid=ic2/machine/blockTerra

# blockOreLead:* (blockOreLead), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=ic2.core.block.BlockMetaData
block:id=blockOreLead,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:ic2/blockOreLead

# blockReinforcedFoam:* (blockReinforcedFoam), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=ic2.core.block.BlockReinforcedFoam
block:id=blockReinforcedFoam,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:ic2/cf/blockReinforcedFoam

# blockfluidUuMatter:* (blockfluidUuMatter), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=ic2.core.block.BlockIC2Fluid
block:id=blockfluidUuMatter,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:ic2/blockuumatter_still,face2-5=12000:ic2/blockuumatter_flow

# blockfluidCf:* (blockfluidCf), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=ic2.core.block.BlockIC2Fluid
block:id=blockfluidCf,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:ic2/blockconstructionfoam_still,face2-5=12000:ic2/blockconstructionfoam_flow

# blockFluidcoolant:* (blockFluidcoolant), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=ic2.core.block.BlockIC2Fluid
block:id=blockFluidcoolant,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:ic2/blockic2coolant_still,face2-5=12000:ic2/blockic2coolant_flow
