# Mariculture 1.2.1e
version:1.6
modname:Mariculture

var:Custom_Stairs=0,Air_Blocks=0,Pearl_Bricks_-_Legacy=0,Wooden_Blocks=0,Single_Blocks=0,Ore_Blocks=0,Limestone_Variants=0,Machine_Blocks=0,Transparent_Blocks=0,Sifter=0
var:Oyster=0,Custom_Wall=0,Custom_Light=0,Pearl_Bricks=0,Custom_Slabs_Double=0,High_Pressure_Water=0,Custom_Flooring=0,Glass_Blocks=0,Earthy_Blocks=0,Custom_Gate=0
var:Double_Blocks=0,Neon_Lamps_On=0,Neon_Lamps_Off=0,Custom_Blocks=0,Custom_Slabs_Single=0,Custom_Fence=0,Tank_Blocks=0,Custom_RF_Block=0,Coral_&_Kelp=0

cfgfile:config/mariculture/ids.cfg


texturepath:assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/
texture:id=mariculture/air,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/air.png
texture:id=mariculture/airCompressor,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/airCompressor.png
texture:id=mariculture/airCompressorPower,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/airCompressorPower.png
texture:id=mariculture/airpump,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/airpump.png
texture:id=mariculture/aluminumBlock,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/aluminumBlock.png
texture:id=mariculture/autoFishing,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/autoFishing.png
texture:id=mariculture/baseBrick,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/baseBrick.png
texture:id=mariculture/baseIron,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/baseIron.png
texture:id=mariculture/baseWood,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/baseWood.png
texture:id=mariculture/bauxiteOre,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/bauxiteOre.png
texture:id=mariculture/bookshelf,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/bookshelf.png
texture:id=mariculture/bottleTank,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/bottleTank.png
texture:id=mariculture/copperBlock,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/copperBlock.png
texture:id=mariculture/copperOre,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/copperOre.png
texture:id=mariculture/coralRock,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/coralRock.png
texture:id=mariculture/coral_blue,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/coral_blue.png
texture:id=mariculture/coral_brown,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/coral_brown.png
texture:id=mariculture/coral_grey,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/coral_grey.png
texture:id=mariculture/coral_kelp,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/coral_kelp.png
texture:id=mariculture/coral_kelp_middle,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/coral_kelp_middle.png
texture:id=mariculture/coral_lightgrey,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/coral_lightgrey.png
texture:id=mariculture/coral_magenta,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/coral_magenta.png
texture:id=mariculture/coral_orange,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/coral_orange.png
texture:id=mariculture/coral_pink,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/coral_pink.png
texture:id=mariculture/coral_purple,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/coral_purple.png
texture:id=mariculture/coral_red,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/coral_red.png
texture:id=mariculture/coral_white,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/coral_white.png
texture:id=mariculture/coral_yellow,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/coral_yellow.png
texture:id=mariculture/dictionary,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/dictionary.png
texture:id=mariculture/feeder,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/feeder.png
texture:id=mariculture/fishTank/1,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/fishTank/1.png
texture:id=mariculture/fishsorter1,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/fishsorter1.png
texture:id=mariculture/fishsorter2,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/fishsorter2.png
texture:id=mariculture/fishsorter3,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/fishsorter3.png
texture:id=mariculture/fishsorter4,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/fishsorter4.png
texture:id=mariculture/fishsorter5,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/fishsorter5.png
texture:id=mariculture/fishsorter6,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/fishsorter6.png
texture:id=mariculture/fludd,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/fludd.png
texture:id=mariculture/glass_heatglass,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/glass_heatglass.png
texture:id=mariculture/glass_plastic,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/glass_plastic.png
texture:id=mariculture/heatglass/1,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/heatglass/1.png
texture:id=mariculture/incubatorBase,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/incubatorBase.png
texture:id=mariculture/incubatorTop,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/incubatorTop.png
texture:id=mariculture/ingotCaster,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/ingotCaster.png
texture:id=mariculture/lampsOff0,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/lampsOff0.png
texture:id=mariculture/lampsOff1,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/lampsOff1.png
texture:id=mariculture/lampsOff10,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/lampsOff10.png
texture:id=mariculture/lampsOff11,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/lampsOff11.png
texture:id=mariculture/lampsOff2,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/lampsOff2.png
texture:id=mariculture/lampsOff3,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/lampsOff3.png
texture:id=mariculture/lampsOff4,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/lampsOff4.png
texture:id=mariculture/lampsOff5,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/lampsOff5.png
texture:id=mariculture/lampsOff6,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/lampsOff6.png
texture:id=mariculture/lampsOff7,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/lampsOff7.png
texture:id=mariculture/lampsOff8,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/lampsOff8.png
texture:id=mariculture/lampsOff9,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/lampsOff9.png
texture:id=mariculture/lampsOn0,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/lampsOn0.png
texture:id=mariculture/lampsOn1,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/lampsOn1.png
texture:id=mariculture/lampsOn10,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/lampsOn10.png
texture:id=mariculture/lampsOn11,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/lampsOn11.png
texture:id=mariculture/lampsOn2,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/lampsOn2.png
texture:id=mariculture/lampsOn3,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/lampsOn3.png
texture:id=mariculture/lampsOn4,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/lampsOn4.png
texture:id=mariculture/lampsOn5,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/lampsOn5.png
texture:id=mariculture/lampsOn6,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/lampsOn6.png
texture:id=mariculture/lampsOn7,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/lampsOn7.png
texture:id=mariculture/lampsOn8,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/lampsOn8.png
texture:id=mariculture/lampsOn9,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/lampsOn9.png
texture:id=mariculture/limestone,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/limestone.png
texture:id=mariculture/limestoneBordered,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/limestoneBordered.png
texture:id=mariculture/limestoneBrick,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/limestoneBrick.png
texture:id=mariculture/limestoneBrickSmall,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/limestoneBrickSmall.png
texture:id=mariculture/limestoneChiseled,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/limestoneChiseled.png
texture:id=mariculture/limestonePedestal1,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/limestonePedestal1.png
texture:id=mariculture/limestonePedestal2,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/limestonePedestal2.png
texture:id=mariculture/limestonePedestal3,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/limestonePedestal3.png
texture:id=mariculture/limestonePedestal4,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/limestonePedestal4.png
texture:id=mariculture/limestonePillar1,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/limestonePillar1.png
texture:id=mariculture/limestonePillar2,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/limestonePillar2.png
texture:id=mariculture/limestonePillar3,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/limestonePillar3.png
texture:id=mariculture/limestoneSmooth,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/limestoneSmooth.png
texture:id=mariculture/limestoneThing,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/limestoneThing.png
texture:id=mariculture/liquifier,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/liquifier.png
texture:id=mariculture/magnesiumBlock,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/magnesiumBlock.png
texture:id=mariculture/net,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/net.png
texture:id=mariculture/normalTank,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/normalTank.png
texture:id=mariculture/oyster,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/oyster.png
texture:id=mariculture/pearlBlock_black,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/pearlBlock_black.png
texture:id=mariculture/pearlBlock_blue,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/pearlBlock_blue.png
texture:id=mariculture/pearlBlock_brown,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/pearlBlock_brown.png
texture:id=mariculture/pearlBlock_gold,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/pearlBlock_gold.png
texture:id=mariculture/pearlBlock_green,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/pearlBlock_green.png
texture:id=mariculture/pearlBlock_orange,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/pearlBlock_orange.png
texture:id=mariculture/pearlBlock_pink,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/pearlBlock_pink.png
texture:id=mariculture/pearlBlock_purple,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/pearlBlock_purple.png
texture:id=mariculture/pearlBlock_red,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/pearlBlock_red.png
texture:id=mariculture/pearlBlock_silver,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/pearlBlock_silver.png
texture:id=mariculture/pearlBlock_white,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/pearlBlock_white.png
texture:id=mariculture/pearlBlock_yellow,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/pearlBlock_yellow.png
texture:id=mariculture/pearlBrick_black,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/pearlBrick_black.png
texture:id=mariculture/pearlBrick_blue,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/pearlBrick_blue.png
texture:id=mariculture/pearlBrick_brown,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/pearlBrick_brown.png
texture:id=mariculture/pearlBrick_gold,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/pearlBrick_gold.png
texture:id=mariculture/pearlBrick_green,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/pearlBrick_green.png
texture:id=mariculture/pearlBrick_orange,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/pearlBrick_orange.png
texture:id=mariculture/pearlBrick_pink,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/pearlBrick_pink.png
texture:id=mariculture/pearlBrick_purple,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/pearlBrick_purple.png
texture:id=mariculture/pearlBrick_red,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/pearlBrick_red.png
texture:id=mariculture/pearlBrick_silver,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/pearlBrick_silver.png
texture:id=mariculture/pearlBrick_white,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/pearlBrick_white.png
texture:id=mariculture/pearlBrick_yellow,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/pearlBrick_yellow.png
texture:id=mariculture/plastic/1,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/plastic/1.png
texture:id=mariculture/polishedLogSide,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/polishedLogSide.png
texture:id=mariculture/polishedLogTop,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/polishedLogTop.png
texture:id=mariculture/polishedPlank,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/polishedPlank.png
texture:id=mariculture/pressureVessel,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/pressureVessel.png
texture:id=mariculture/rutileOre,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/rutileOre.png
texture:id=mariculture/sawmill,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/sawmill.png
texture:id=mariculture/sift,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/sift.png
texture:id=mariculture/sluice,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/sluice.png
texture:id=mariculture/sponge,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/sponge.png
texture:id=mariculture/titaniumBlock,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/titaniumBlock.png
texture:id=mariculture/turbine,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/turbine.png
texture:id=mariculture/turbineGas,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/turbineGas.png
texture:id=mariculture/turbineHand,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/turbineHand.png
texture:id=mariculture/vat,filename=assets/mariculture/textures/blocks/vat.png
texture:id=minecraft/hopper_outside,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/hopper_outside.png
texture:id=minecraft/sand,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/sand.png
texture:id=minecraft/stone,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/stone.png
texture:id=minecraft/water_flow,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/water_flow.png
texture:id=minecraft/water_still,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/water_still.png



# Air_Blocks:* (airBlocks), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mariculture.core.blocks.BlockAir
block:id=Air_Blocks,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/air

# Coral_&_Kelp:* (coral), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=mariculture.world.BlockCoral
block:id=Coral_&_Kelp,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:mariculture/coral_kelp
block:id=Coral_&_Kelp,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:mariculture/coral_kelp_middle
block:id=Coral_&_Kelp,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:mariculture/coral_pink
block:id=Coral_&_Kelp,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:mariculture/coral_red
block:id=Coral_&_Kelp,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:mariculture/coral_blue
block:id=Coral_&_Kelp,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:mariculture/coral_magenta
block:id=Coral_&_Kelp,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:mariculture/coral_brown
block:id=Coral_&_Kelp,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:mariculture/coral_yellow
block:id=Coral_&_Kelp,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:mariculture/coral_orange
block:id=Coral_&_Kelp,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:mariculture/coral_purple
block:id=Coral_&_Kelp,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:mariculture/coral_grey
block:id=Coral_&_Kelp,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:mariculture/coral_lightgrey
block:id=Coral_&_Kelp,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:mariculture/coral_white

# Custom_Blocks:* (customBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mariculture.factory.blocks.BlockCustomBlock
block:id=Custom_Blocks,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# Custom_Fence:* (customFence), render=(FENCE), opaque=false,cls=mariculture.factory.blocks.BlockCustomFence
block:id=Custom_Fence,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:minecraft/stone

# Custom_Flooring:* (customFlooring), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mariculture.factory.blocks.BlockCustomFlooring
block:id=Custom_Flooring,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# Custom_Gate:* (customGate), render=(FENCEGATE), opaque=false,cls=mariculture.factory.blocks.BlockCustomGate
block:id=Custom_Gate,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:minecraft/stone

# Custom_Light:* (customLight), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mariculture.factory.blocks.BlockCustomLight
block:id=Custom_Light,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# Custom_RF_Block:* (customRFBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mariculture.factory.blocks.BlockCustomPower
block:id=Custom_RF_Block,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# Custom_Slabs_Double:* (customSlabsDouble), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mariculture.factory.blocks.BlockCustomSlab
block:id=Custom_Slabs_Double,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# Custom_Slabs_Single:* (customSlabs), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mariculture.factory.blocks.BlockCustomSlab
block:id=Custom_Slabs_Single,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# Custom_Stairs:* (customStairs), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=mariculture.factory.blocks.BlockCustomStairs
block:id=Custom_Stairs,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# Custom_Wall:* (customWall), render=(WALL), opaque=false,cls=mariculture.factory.blocks.BlockCustomWall
block:id=Custom_Wall,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:minecraft/stone

# Double_Blocks:* (doubleBlocks), render=mariculture.core.render.RenderDouble(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mariculture.core.blocks.BlockDouble
block:id=Double_Blocks,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:mariculture/airCompressor
block:id=Double_Blocks,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:mariculture/airCompressorPower
block:id=Double_Blocks,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:mariculture/pressureVessel
block:id=Double_Blocks,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:mariculture/vat
block:id=Double_Blocks,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:mariculture/airCompressor

# Glass_Blocks:* (glassBlocks), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mariculture.core.blocks.BlockGlass
block:id=Glass_Blocks,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/heatglass/1
block:id=Glass_Blocks,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/glass_heatglass

# High_Pressure_Water:* (Mariculture_highPressureWaterBlock), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=mariculture.core.blocks.BlockFluidMari
block:id=High_Pressure_Water,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:minecraft/water_still,face2-5=12000:minecraft/water_flow

# Machine_Blocks:* (utilBlocks), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mariculture.core.blocks.BlockUtil
block:id=Machine_Blocks,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/incubatorBase
block:id=Machine_Blocks,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/incubatorTop
block:id=Machine_Blocks,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:mariculture/baseWood,face2-5=0:mariculture/autoFishing
block:id=Machine_Blocks,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:mariculture/baseBrick,face2-5=0:mariculture/liquifier
block:id=Machine_Blocks,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:mariculture/fishsorter1,face1=0:mariculture/fishsorter2,face2=0:mariculture/fishsorter3,face3=0:mariculture/fishsorter4,face4=0:mariculture/fishsorter5,face5=0:mariculture/fishsorter6
block:id=Machine_Blocks,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/bookshelf
block:id=Machine_Blocks,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:mariculture/baseWood,face2-5=0:mariculture/sawmill
block:id=Machine_Blocks,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:mariculture/baseIron,face4=0:mariculture/sluice,face5=0:mariculture/baseIron
block:id=Machine_Blocks,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:mariculture/baseIron,face2-5=0:mariculture/sponge
block:id=Machine_Blocks,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:mariculture/baseWood,face2-5=0:mariculture/dictionary
block:id=Machine_Blocks,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/incubatorBase

# Limestone_Variants:* (limestone), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mariculture.core.blocks.BlockLimestone
block:id=Limestone_Variants,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/limestoneBrickSmall
block:id=Limestone_Variants,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:mariculture/limestoneBordered,face2-5=0:mariculture/limestoneChiseled
block:id=Limestone_Variants,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:mariculture/limestonePillar2,face2-5=0:mariculture/limestonePillar3
block:id=Limestone_Variants,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:mariculture/limestonePillar3,face2-3=0:mariculture/limestonePillar2,face4-5=0:mariculture/limestonePillar1
block:id=Limestone_Variants,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:mariculture/limestonePillar1,face4-5=0:mariculture/limestonePillar2
block:id=Limestone_Variants,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:mariculture/limestonePillar2,face1=0:mariculture/limestoneBordered,face2-5=0:mariculture/limestonePedestal2
block:id=Limestone_Variants,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:mariculture/limestoneBordered,face1=0:mariculture/limestonePillar2,face2-5=0:mariculture/limestonePedestal1
block:id=Limestone_Variants,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:mariculture/limestonePedestal2,face2=0:mariculture/limestoneBordered,face3=0:mariculture/limestonePillar2,face4=0:mariculture/limestonePedestal3,face5=0:mariculture/limestonePedestal4
block:id=Limestone_Variants,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:mariculture/limestonePedestal1,face2=0:mariculture/limestonePillar2,face3=0:mariculture/limestoneBordered,face4=0:mariculture/limestonePedestal4,face5=0:mariculture/limestonePedestal3
block:id=Limestone_Variants,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:mariculture/limestonePedestal3,face2=0:mariculture/limestonePedestal4,face3=0:mariculture/limestonePedestal3,face4=0:mariculture/limestoneBordered,face5=0:mariculture/limestonePillar2
block:id=Limestone_Variants,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:mariculture/limestonePedestal4,face2=0:mariculture/limestonePedestal3,face3=0:mariculture/limestonePedestal4,face4=0:mariculture/limestonePillar2,face5=0:mariculture/limestoneBordered
block:id=Limestone_Variants,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/limestoneBrickSmall

# Pearl_Bricks_-_Legacy:* (pearlBrick), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mariculture.core.blocks.BlockPearlBrick
block:id=Pearl_Bricks_-_Legacy,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/pearlBrick_white
block:id=Pearl_Bricks_-_Legacy,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/pearlBrick_green
block:id=Pearl_Bricks_-_Legacy,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/pearlBrick_yellow
block:id=Pearl_Bricks_-_Legacy,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/pearlBrick_orange
block:id=Pearl_Bricks_-_Legacy,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/pearlBrick_red
block:id=Pearl_Bricks_-_Legacy,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/pearlBrick_gold
block:id=Pearl_Bricks_-_Legacy,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/pearlBrick_brown
block:id=Pearl_Bricks_-_Legacy,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/pearlBrick_purple
block:id=Pearl_Bricks_-_Legacy,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/pearlBrick_blue
block:id=Pearl_Bricks_-_Legacy,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/pearlBrick_black
block:id=Pearl_Bricks_-_Legacy,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/pearlBrick_pink
block:id=Pearl_Bricks_-_Legacy,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/pearlBrick_silver
block:id=Pearl_Bricks_-_Legacy,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/pearlBrick_white

# Neon_Lamps_Off:* (lampsOff), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mariculture.fishery.blocks.BlockNeonLamp
block:id=Neon_Lamps_Off,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:mariculture/lampsOff0
block:id=Neon_Lamps_Off,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:mariculture/lampsOff1
block:id=Neon_Lamps_Off,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:mariculture/lampsOff2
block:id=Neon_Lamps_Off,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:mariculture/lampsOff3
block:id=Neon_Lamps_Off,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:mariculture/lampsOff4
block:id=Neon_Lamps_Off,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:mariculture/lampsOff5
block:id=Neon_Lamps_Off,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:mariculture/lampsOff6
block:id=Neon_Lamps_Off,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:mariculture/lampsOff7
block:id=Neon_Lamps_Off,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:mariculture/lampsOff8
block:id=Neon_Lamps_Off,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:mariculture/lampsOff9
block:id=Neon_Lamps_Off,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:mariculture/lampsOff10
block:id=Neon_Lamps_Off,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:mariculture/lampsOff11
block:id=Neon_Lamps_Off,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:mariculture/lampsOff0

# Neon_Lamps_On:* (lampsOn), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mariculture.fishery.blocks.BlockNeonLamp
block:id=Neon_Lamps_On,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:mariculture/lampsOn0
block:id=Neon_Lamps_On,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:mariculture/lampsOn1
block:id=Neon_Lamps_On,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:mariculture/lampsOn2
block:id=Neon_Lamps_On,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:mariculture/lampsOn3
block:id=Neon_Lamps_On,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:mariculture/lampsOn4
block:id=Neon_Lamps_On,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:mariculture/lampsOn5
block:id=Neon_Lamps_On,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:mariculture/lampsOn6
block:id=Neon_Lamps_On,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:mariculture/lampsOn7
block:id=Neon_Lamps_On,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:mariculture/lampsOn8
block:id=Neon_Lamps_On,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:mariculture/lampsOn9
block:id=Neon_Lamps_On,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:mariculture/lampsOn10
block:id=Neon_Lamps_On,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:mariculture/lampsOn11
block:id=Neon_Lamps_On,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:mariculture/lampsOn0

# Ore_Blocks:* (oreBlocks), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mariculture.core.blocks.BlockOre
block:id=Ore_Blocks,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/bauxiteOre
block:id=Ore_Blocks,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/copperOre
block:id=Ore_Blocks,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/rutileOre
block:id=Ore_Blocks,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/limestone
block:id=Ore_Blocks,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/limestoneBrick
block:id=Ore_Blocks,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/limestoneSmooth
block:id=Ore_Blocks,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/limestoneBordered
block:id=Ore_Blocks,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/coralRock
block:id=Ore_Blocks,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/aluminumBlock
block:id=Ore_Blocks,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/titaniumBlock
block:id=Ore_Blocks,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/magnesiumBlock
block:id=Ore_Blocks,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/baseWood
block:id=Ore_Blocks,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/copperBlock
block:id=Ore_Blocks,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/baseBrick
block:id=Ore_Blocks,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/baseIron
block:id=Ore_Blocks,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/limestoneThing

# Oyster:* (oysterBlock), render=mariculture.core.render.RenderSingle(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mariculture.core.blocks.BlockOyster
block:id=Oyster,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:mariculture/oyster
block:id=Oyster,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:mariculture/net

# Pearl_Bricks:* (pearlBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mariculture.core.blocks.BlockPearlBrick
block:id=Pearl_Bricks,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/pearlBlock_white
block:id=Pearl_Bricks,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/pearlBlock_green
block:id=Pearl_Bricks,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/pearlBlock_yellow
block:id=Pearl_Bricks,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/pearlBlock_orange
block:id=Pearl_Bricks,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/pearlBlock_red
block:id=Pearl_Bricks,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/pearlBlock_gold
block:id=Pearl_Bricks,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/pearlBlock_brown
block:id=Pearl_Bricks,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/pearlBlock_purple
block:id=Pearl_Bricks,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/pearlBlock_blue
block:id=Pearl_Bricks,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/pearlBlock_black
block:id=Pearl_Bricks,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/pearlBlock_pink
block:id=Pearl_Bricks,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/pearlBlock_silver
block:id=Pearl_Bricks,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/pearlBlock_white

# Sifter:* (siftBlock), render=mariculture.core.render.RenderSingle(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mariculture.fishery.blocks.BlockSift
block:id=Sifter,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:mariculture/sift

# Single_Blocks:* (customBlocks), render=mariculture.core.render.RenderSingle(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mariculture.core.blocks.BlockSingle
block:id=Single_Blocks,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:mariculture/airpump
block:id=Single_Blocks,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:mariculture/feeder
block:id=Single_Blocks,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/hopper_outside
block:id=Single_Blocks,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:mariculture/turbine
block:id=Single_Blocks,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:mariculture/fludd
block:id=Single_Blocks,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:mariculture/turbineGas
block:id=Single_Blocks,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:mariculture/turbineHand
block:id=Single_Blocks,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:mariculture/ingotCaster

# Earthy_Blocks:* (groundBlocks), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mariculture.core.blocks.BlockGround
block:id=Earthy_Blocks,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/sand

# Tank_Blocks:* (tankBlocks), render=mariculture.core.render.RenderTanks(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mariculture.core.blocks.BlockTank
block:id=Tank_Blocks,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:mariculture/normalTank
block:id=Tank_Blocks,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:mariculture/fishTank/1
block:id=Tank_Blocks,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:mariculture/bottleTank
block:id=Tank_Blocks,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:mariculture/normalTank

# Transparent_Blocks:* (transparentBlocks), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mariculture.core.blocks.BlockTransparent
block:id=Transparent_Blocks,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:mariculture/plastic/1
block:id=Transparent_Blocks,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:mariculture/glass_plastic

# Wooden_Blocks:* (woodBlocks), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mariculture.core.blocks.BlockWood
block:id=Wooden_Blocks,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/baseWood
block:id=Wooden_Blocks,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/polishedPlank
block:id=Wooden_Blocks,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:mariculture/polishedLogTop,face2-5=0:mariculture/polishedLogSide
block:id=Wooden_Blocks,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:mariculture/polishedLogSide,face4-5=0:mariculture/polishedLogTop
block:id=Wooden_Blocks,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:mariculture/polishedLogSide,face2-3=0:mariculture/polishedLogTop,face4-5=0:mariculture/polishedLogSide
block:id=Wooden_Blocks,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:mariculture/polishedLogSide
