# MineFactoryReloaded 1.6.2R2.7.4
version:1.6
modname:MineFactoryReloaded

var:ID.RubberLeaves=0,ID.DetCord=0,ID.MachineBlock1=0,ID.MachineBlock2=0,ID.PassengerRailDropoffBlock=0,ID.MachineBlock=0,ID.PinkSlime.Still=0,ID.RedNet.Panel=0,ID.RubberWood=0,ID.StainedGlass=0
var:ID.Sludge.Still=0,ID.RedNet.Logic=0,ID.CargoRailPickupBlock=0,ID.RubberSapling=0,ID.CargoRailDropoffBlock=0,ID.MushroomSoup.Still=0,ID.StainedGlassPane=0,ID.PassengerRailPickupBlock=0,ID.Stone=0,ID.Sewage.Still=0
var:ID.RedNet.Cable=0,ID.ConveyorBlock=0,ID.VineScaffold=0,ID.Meat.Still=0,ID.BioFuel.Still=0,ID.MobEssence.Still=0,ID.Milk.Still=0,ID.Bricks=0,ID.Road=0,ID.ChocolateMilk.Still=0

cfgfile:config/powercrystals/minefactoryreloaded/common.cfg


texturepath:assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autobrewer.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.autobrewer.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.deepstorageunit.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.deepstorageunit.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.composter.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.composter.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativestone.black.smooth,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorativestone.black.smooth.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.conveyor.stopped.lightblue,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.conveyor.stopped.lightblue.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.lavafabricator.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.lavafabricator.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.unifier.idle.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.unifier.idle.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.liquid.chocolatemilk.still,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/fluid.mfr.liquid.chocolatemilk.still.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.deepstorageunit.idle.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.deepstorageunit.idle.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.blocksmasher.idle.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.blocksmasher.idle.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrillprecharger.idle.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrillprecharger.idle.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.biofuelgenerator.idle.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.biofuelgenerator.idle.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativebrick.pavedstone,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorativebrick.pavedstone.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.steamturbine.idle.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.steamturbine.idle.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.liquid.meat.still,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/fluid.mfr.liquid.meat.still.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.conveyor.stopped.orange,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.conveyor.stopped.orange.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.fruitpicker.idle.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.fruitpicker.idle.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autodisenchanter.idle.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.autodisenchanter.idle.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.breeder.idle.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.breeder.idle.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.meatpacker.idle.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.meatpacker.idle.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.harvester.idle.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.harvester.idle.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.fruitpicker.idle.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.fruitpicker.idle.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.itemrouter.idle.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.itemrouter.idle.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autospawner.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.autospawner.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.fisher.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.fisher.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.vet.idle.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.vet.idle.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.ejector.idle.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.ejector.idle.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.chronotyper.idle.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.chronotyper.idle.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.conveyor.stopped.green,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.conveyor.stopped.green.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.liquid.meat.flowing,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/fluid.mfr.liquid.meat.flowing.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rednet.panel,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.rednet.panel.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.itemrouter.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.itemrouter.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.meatpacker.idle.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.meatpacker.idle.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.oilfabricator.idle.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.oilfabricator.idle.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.meatpacker.idle.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.meatpacker.idle.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.weathercollector.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.weathercollector.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.bioreactor.idle.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.bioreactor.idle.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.weathercollector.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.weathercollector.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autoanvil.idle.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.autoanvil.idle.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.itemcollector.idle.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.itemcollector.idle.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.lavafabricator.idle.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.lavafabricator.idle.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.grinder.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.grinder.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.meatpacker.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.meatpacker.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.liquid.mobessence.still,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/fluid.mfr.liquid.mobessence.still.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.chronotyper.idle.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.chronotyper.idle.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.conveyor.stopped.white,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.conveyor.stopped.white.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rednet.logic,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.rednet.logic.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.rednote.idle.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.rednote.idle.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.deepstorageunit.idle.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.deepstorageunit.idle.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.sludgeboiler.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.sludgeboiler.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.conveyor.stopped.black,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.conveyor.stopped.black.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.leaves.transparent,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.rubberwood.leaves.transparent.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.biofuelgenerator.idle.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.biofuelgenerator.idle.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.rednote.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.rednote.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.steamturbine.idle.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.steamturbine.idle.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.blockbreaker.idle.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.blockbreaker.idle.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativestone.white.paved,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorativestone.white.paved.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autoanvil.idle.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.autoanvil.idle.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.rednote.idle.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.rednote.idle.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.composter.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.composter.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.stainedglass.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativestone.white.gravel,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorativestone.white.gravel.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.harvester.idle.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.harvester.idle.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.harvester.idle.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.harvester.idle.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.sewer.idle.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.sewer.idle.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.bioreactor.idle.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.bioreactor.idle.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.steamturbine.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.steamturbine.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.breeder.idle.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.breeder.idle.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.bioreactor.idle.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.bioreactor.idle.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrill.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrill.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.liquicrafter.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.liquicrafter.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.lavafabricator.idle.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.lavafabricator.idle.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrillprecharger.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrillprecharger.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.blockplacer.idle.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.blockplacer.idle.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.oilfabricator.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.oilfabricator.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.sewer.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.sewer.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.sludgeboiler.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.sludgeboiler.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.liquid.milk.still,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/fluid.mfr.liquid.milk.still.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.itemrouter.idle.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.itemrouter.idle.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrillprecharger.idle.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrillprecharger.idle.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.liquicrafter.idle.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.liquicrafter.idle.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.rednote.idle.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.rednote.idle.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.blockplacer.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.blockplacer.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.sludgeboiler.idle.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.sludgeboiler.idle.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.meatpacker.idle.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.meatpacker.idle.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.blocksmasher.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.blocksmasher.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.liquid.sludge.flowing,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/fluid.mfr.liquid.sludge.flowing.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autospawner.idle.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.autospawner.idle.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.rancher.idle.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.rancher.idle.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.rancher.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.rancher.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.enchantmentrouter.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.enchantmentrouter.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.unifier.idle.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.unifier.idle.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autodisenchanter.idle.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.autodisenchanter.idle.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.sewer.idle.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.sewer.idle.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autospawner.idle.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.autospawner.idle.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.liquid.pinkslime.flowing,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/fluid.mfr.liquid.pinkslime.flowing.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.rancher.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.rancher.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.cable.redstone,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.cable.redstone.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.liquidrouter.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.liquidrouter.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.steamturbine.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.steamturbine.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.weathercollector.idle.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.weathercollector.idle.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.unifier.idle.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.unifier.idle.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autoenchanter.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.autoenchanter.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.vinescaffold.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.vinescaffold.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.rednote.idle.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.rednote.idle.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.deepstorageunit.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.deepstorageunit.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.liquid.milk.flowing,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/fluid.mfr.liquid.milk.flowing.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.blockplacer.idle.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.blockplacer.idle.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.steamturbine.idle.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.steamturbine.idle.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.sludgeboiler.idle.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.sludgeboiler.idle.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.biofuelgenerator.idle.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.biofuelgenerator.idle.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.conveyor.stopped.red,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.conveyor.stopped.red.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.fertilizer.idle.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.fertilizer.idle.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autojukebox.idle.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.autojukebox.idle.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.biofuelgenerator.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.biofuelgenerator.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.liquid.sewage.flowing,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/fluid.mfr.liquid.sewage.flowing.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativestone.black.cobble,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorativestone.black.cobble.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativebrick.ice,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorativebrick.ice.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.biofuelgenerator.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.biofuelgenerator.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.sewer.idle.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.sewer.idle.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autospawner.idle.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.autospawner.idle.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.mobcounter.idle.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.mobcounter.idle.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.sapling,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.rubberwood.sapling.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.liquid.biofuel.still,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/fluid.mfr.liquid.biofuel.still.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.fisher.idle.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.fisher.idle.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.vet.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.vet.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.harvester.idle.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.harvester.idle.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.composter.idle.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.composter.idle.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.blockplacer.idle.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.blockplacer.idle.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.grinder.idle.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.grinder.idle.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.composter.idle.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.composter.idle.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.itemrouter.idle.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.itemrouter.idle.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.conveyor.stopped.magenta,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.conveyor.stopped.magenta.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.grinder.idle.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.grinder.idle.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autodisenchanter.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.autodisenchanter.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.liquidrouter.idle.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.liquidrouter.idle.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativebrick.lapis_large,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorativebrick.lapis_large.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autobrewer.idle.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.autobrewer.idle.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.blockplacer.idle.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.blockplacer.idle.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.sewer.idle.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.sewer.idle.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.composter.idle.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.composter.idle.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.lavafabricator.idle.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.lavafabricator.idle.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.rancher.idle.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.rancher.idle.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrill.idle.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrill.idle.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativestone.black.brick.small,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorativestone.black.brick.small.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.chronotyper.idle.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.chronotyper.idle.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.harvester.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.harvester.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.blockbreaker.idle.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.blockbreaker.idle.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.liquicrafter.idle.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.liquicrafter.idle.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.slaughterhouse.idle.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.slaughterhouse.idle.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autojukebox.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.autojukebox.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.mobcounter.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.mobcounter.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.mobcounter.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.mobcounter.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rail.cargo.pickup,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.rail.cargo.pickup.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.blocksmasher.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.blocksmasher.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.grinder.idle.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.grinder.idle.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.detcord,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.detcord.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.composter.idle.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.composter.idle.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autospawner.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.autospawner.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrill.idle.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrill.idle.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.unifier.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.unifier.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.itemcollector.idle.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.itemcollector.idle.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativebrick.obsidian_large,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorativebrick.obsidian_large.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.fruitpicker.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.fruitpicker.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.fruitpicker.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.fruitpicker.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.harvester.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.harvester.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rail.cargo.dropoff,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.rail.cargo.dropoff.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.itemcollector.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.itemcollector.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.itemcollector.idle.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.itemcollector.idle.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativestone.white.brick.small,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorativestone.white.brick.small.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.liquicrafter.idle.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.liquicrafter.idle.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.rancher.idle.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.rancher.idle.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.conveyor.stopped.purple,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.conveyor.stopped.purple.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.fisher.idle.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.fisher.idle.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.blockbreaker.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.blockbreaker.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.vet.idle.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.vet.idle.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.liquid.biofuel.flowing,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/fluid.mfr.liquid.biofuel.flowing.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autobrewer.idle.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.autobrewer.idle.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.road,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.road.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autojukebox.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.autojukebox.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.planter.idle.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.planter.idle.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autoanvil.idle.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.autoanvil.idle.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.vet.idle.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.vet.idle.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.oilfabricator.idle.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.oilfabricator.idle.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativestone.black.brick.large,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorativestone.black.brick.large.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.liquicrafter.idle.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.liquicrafter.idle.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.oilfabricator.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.oilfabricator.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.vet.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.vet.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.liquid.sludge.still,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/fluid.mfr.liquid.sludge.still.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.blockplacer.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.blockplacer.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.breeder.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.breeder.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.enchantmentrouter.idle.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.enchantmentrouter.idle.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativebrick.obsidian,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorativebrick.obsidian.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.conveyor.stopped.lime,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.conveyor.stopped.lime.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.bioreactor.idle.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.bioreactor.idle.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.enchantmentrouter.idle.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.enchantmentrouter.idle.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.conveyor.stopped.pink,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.conveyor.stopped.pink.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.slaughterhouse.idle.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.slaughterhouse.idle.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.planter.idle.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.planter.idle.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativestone.white.cobble,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorativestone.white.cobble.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativebrick.ice_large,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorativebrick.ice_large.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.planter.idle.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.planter.idle.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.breeder.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.breeder.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.liquicrafter.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.liquicrafter.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.road.light.off,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.road.light.off.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.weathercollector.idle.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.weathercollector.idle.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.planter.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.planter.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autoanvil.idle.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.autoanvil.idle.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.unifier.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.unifier.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autoenchanter.idle.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.autoenchanter.idle.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.fertilizer.idle.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.fertilizer.idle.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.vinescaffold.side,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.vinescaffold.side.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativebrick.snow,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorativebrick.snow.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.bioreactor.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.bioreactor.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.fruitpicker.idle.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.fruitpicker.idle.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.planter.idle.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.planter.idle.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.fisher.idle.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.fisher.idle.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autoanvil.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.autoanvil.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.ejector.idle.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.ejector.idle.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.mobcounter.idle.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.mobcounter.idle.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativebrick.glowstone_large,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorativebrick.glowstone_large.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.rancher.idle.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.rancher.idle.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.liquid.mushroomsoup.still,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/fluid.mfr.liquid.mushroomsoup.still.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativebrick.glowstone,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorativebrick.glowstone.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.blockbreaker.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.blockbreaker.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.fertilizer.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.fertilizer.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.itemcollector.idle.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.itemcollector.idle.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativebrick.meat.raw,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorativebrick.meat.raw.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.ejector.idle.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.ejector.idle.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.liquid.chocolatemilk.flowing,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/fluid.mfr.liquid.chocolatemilk.flowing.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.liquid.mushroomsoup.flowing,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/fluid.mfr.liquid.mushroomsoup.flowing.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativestone.black.paved,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorativestone.black.paved.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.ejector.idle.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.ejector.idle.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativestone.black.gravel,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorativestone.black.gravel.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.chronotyper.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.chronotyper.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.biofuelgenerator.idle.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.biofuelgenerator.idle.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.conveyor.stopped.lightgray,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.conveyor.stopped.lightgray.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.breeder.idle.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.breeder.idle.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.blockbreaker.idle.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.blockbreaker.idle.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.conveyor.stopped.blue,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.conveyor.stopped.blue.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.deepstorageunit.idle.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.deepstorageunit.idle.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.log.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.rubberwood.log.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.enchantmentrouter.idle.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.enchantmentrouter.idle.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.sewer.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.sewer.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.conveyor.stopped.brown,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.conveyor.stopped.brown.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.liquid.pinkslime.still,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/fluid.mfr.liquid.pinkslime.still.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.weathercollector.idle.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.weathercollector.idle.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.ejector.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.ejector.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativestone.white.smooth,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorativestone.white.smooth.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autobrewer.idle.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.autobrewer.idle.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autospawner.idle.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.autospawner.idle.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrill.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrill.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autojukebox.idle.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.autojukebox.idle.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.slaughterhouse.idle.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.slaughterhouse.idle.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.chronotyper.idle.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.chronotyper.idle.bottom.png
texture:id=minecraft/ice,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/ice.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.liquidrouter.idle.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.liquidrouter.idle.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.breeder.idle.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.breeder.idle.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrill.idle.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrill.idle.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autoenchanter.idle.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.autoenchanter.idle.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.slaughterhouse.idle.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.slaughterhouse.idle.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rail.passenger.dropoff,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.rail.passenger.dropoff.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrillprecharger.idle.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrillprecharger.idle.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.rednote.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.rednote.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrillprecharger.idle.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrillprecharger.idle.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.sludgeboiler.idle.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.sludgeboiler.idle.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.fisher.idle.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.fisher.idle.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.unifier.idle.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.unifier.idle.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.liquidrouter.idle.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.liquidrouter.idle.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.oilfabricator.idle.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.oilfabricator.idle.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.liquid.sewage.still,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/fluid.mfr.liquid.sewage.still.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rail.passenger.pickup,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.rail.passenger.pickup.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autobrewer.idle.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.autobrewer.idle.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.blocksmasher.idle.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.blocksmasher.idle.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.fisher.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.fisher.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.conveyor.stopped.cyan,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.conveyor.stopped.cyan.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.slaughterhouse.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.slaughterhouse.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.weathercollector.idle.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.weathercollector.idle.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.oilfabricator.idle.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.oilfabricator.idle.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.meatpacker.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.meatpacker.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autodisenchanter.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.autodisenchanter.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.chronotyper.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.chronotyper.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autoanvil.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.autoanvil.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrill.idle.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrill.idle.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.grinder.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.grinder.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.vet.idle.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.vet.idle.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.fruitpicker.idle.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.fruitpicker.idle.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.blocksmasher.idle.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.blocksmasher.idle.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.mobcounter.idle.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.mobcounter.idle.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.blocksmasher.idle.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.blocksmasher.idle.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.log.side,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.rubberwood.log.side.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.enchantmentrouter.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.enchantmentrouter.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.itemrouter.idle.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.itemrouter.idle.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.planter.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.planter.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.itemrouter.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.itemrouter.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.conveyor.stopped.gray,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.conveyor.stopped.gray.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.blockbreaker.idle.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.blockbreaker.idle.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.ejector.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.ejector.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.fertilizer.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.fertilizer.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autodisenchanter.idle.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.autodisenchanter.idle.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.grinder.idle.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.grinder.idle.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.liquid.mobessence.flowing,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/fluid.mfr.liquid.mobessence.flowing.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrillprecharger.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrillprecharger.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.slaughterhouse.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.slaughterhouse.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativebrick.prc,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorativebrick.prc.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.itemcollector.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.itemcollector.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.lavafabricator.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.lavafabricator.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.steamturbine.idle.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.steamturbine.idle.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autojukebox.idle.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.autojukebox.idle.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.bioreactor.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.bioreactor.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autobrewer.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.autobrewer.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autoenchanter.idle.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.autoenchanter.idle.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autoenchanter.idle.top,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.autoenchanter.idle.top.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.enchantmentrouter.idle.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.enchantmentrouter.idle.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.fertilizer.idle.back,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.fertilizer.idle.back.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.liquidrouter.idle.front,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.liquidrouter.idle.front.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autoenchanter.idle.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.autoenchanter.idle.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.sludgeboiler.idle.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.sludgeboiler.idle.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.conveyor.stopped.yellow,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.conveyor.stopped.yellow.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativebrick.lapis,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorativebrick.lapis.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativebrick.meat.cooked,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorativebrick.meat.cooked.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autodisenchanter.idle.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.autodisenchanter.idle.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.deepstorageunit.idle.right,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.deepstorageunit.idle.right.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.liquidrouter.idle.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.liquidrouter.idle.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.road.light.on,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.road.light.on.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativebrick.snow_large,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorativebrick.snow_large.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.fertilizer.idle.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.fertilizer.idle.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativestone.white.brick.large,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.decorativestone.white.brick.large.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autojukebox.idle.bottom,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.autojukebox.idle.bottom.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.mobcounter.idle.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.mobcounter.idle.left.png
texture:id=minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.lavafabricator.idle.left,filename=assets/minefactoryreloaded/textures/blocks/tile.mfr.machine.lavafabricator.idle.left.png


# 79:* (blockVanillaIce), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.BlockVanillaIce
block:id=79,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:minecraft/ice
# ID.MachineBlock:* (tile.mfr.machine.0), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.BlockFactoryMachine
block:id=ID.MachineBlock,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.planter.idle.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.planter.idle.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.planter.idle.left,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.planter.idle.right,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.planter.idle.front,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.planter.idle.back
block:id=ID.MachineBlock,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.fisher.idle.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.fisher.idle.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.fisher.idle.left,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.fisher.idle.right,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.fisher.idle.front,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.fisher.idle.back
block:id=ID.MachineBlock,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.harvester.idle.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.harvester.idle.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.harvester.idle.left,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.harvester.idle.right,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.harvester.idle.front,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.harvester.idle.back
block:id=ID.MachineBlock,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.rancher.idle.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.rancher.idle.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.rancher.idle.left,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.rancher.idle.right,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.rancher.idle.front,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.rancher.idle.back
block:id=ID.MachineBlock,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.fertilizer.idle.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.fertilizer.idle.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.fertilizer.idle.left,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.fertilizer.idle.right,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.fertilizer.idle.front,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.fertilizer.idle.back
block:id=ID.MachineBlock,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.vet.idle.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.vet.idle.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.vet.idle.left,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.vet.idle.right,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.vet.idle.front,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.vet.idle.back
block:id=ID.MachineBlock,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.itemcollector.idle.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.itemcollector.idle.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.itemcollector.idle.left,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.itemcollector.idle.right,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.itemcollector.idle.front,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.itemcollector.idle.back
block:id=ID.MachineBlock,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.blockbreaker.idle.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.blockbreaker.idle.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.blockbreaker.idle.left,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.blockbreaker.idle.right,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.blockbreaker.idle.front,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.blockbreaker.idle.back
block:id=ID.MachineBlock,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.weathercollector.idle.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.weathercollector.idle.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.weathercollector.idle.left,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.weathercollector.idle.right,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.weathercollector.idle.front,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.weathercollector.idle.back
block:id=ID.MachineBlock,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.sludgeboiler.idle.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.sludgeboiler.idle.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.sludgeboiler.idle.left,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.sludgeboiler.idle.right,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.sludgeboiler.idle.front,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.sludgeboiler.idle.back
block:id=ID.MachineBlock,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.sewer.idle.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.sewer.idle.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.sewer.idle.left,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.sewer.idle.right,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.sewer.idle.front,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.sewer.idle.back
block:id=ID.MachineBlock,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.composter.idle.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.composter.idle.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.composter.idle.left,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.composter.idle.right,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.composter.idle.front,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.composter.idle.back
block:id=ID.MachineBlock,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.breeder.idle.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.breeder.idle.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.breeder.idle.left,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.breeder.idle.right,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.breeder.idle.front,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.breeder.idle.back
block:id=ID.MachineBlock,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.grinder.idle.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.grinder.idle.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.grinder.idle.left,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.grinder.idle.right,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.grinder.idle.front,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.grinder.idle.back
block:id=ID.MachineBlock,data=14,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autoenchanter.idle.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autoenchanter.idle.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autoenchanter.idle.left,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autoenchanter.idle.right,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autoenchanter.idle.front,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autoenchanter.idle.back
block:id=ID.MachineBlock,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.chronotyper.idle.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.chronotyper.idle.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.chronotyper.idle.left,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.chronotyper.idle.right,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.chronotyper.idle.front,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.chronotyper.idle.back
# ID.ConveyorBlock:* (tile.mfr.conveyor), render=138(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.BlockConveyor
block:id=ID.ConveyorBlock,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.conveyor.stopped.white
block:id=ID.ConveyorBlock,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.conveyor.stopped.orange
block:id=ID.ConveyorBlock,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.conveyor.stopped.magenta
block:id=ID.ConveyorBlock,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.conveyor.stopped.lightblue
block:id=ID.ConveyorBlock,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.conveyor.stopped.yellow
block:id=ID.ConveyorBlock,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.conveyor.stopped.lime
block:id=ID.ConveyorBlock,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.conveyor.stopped.pink
block:id=ID.ConveyorBlock,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.conveyor.stopped.gray
block:id=ID.ConveyorBlock,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.conveyor.stopped.lightgray
block:id=ID.ConveyorBlock,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.conveyor.stopped.cyan
block:id=ID.ConveyorBlock,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.conveyor.stopped.purple
block:id=ID.ConveyorBlock,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.conveyor.stopped.blue
block:id=ID.ConveyorBlock,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.conveyor.stopped.brown
block:id=ID.ConveyorBlock,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.conveyor.stopped.green
block:id=ID.ConveyorBlock,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.conveyor.stopped.red
block:id=ID.ConveyorBlock,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.conveyor.stopped.black
# ID.RubberWood:* (tile.mfr.rubberwood.log), render=31(LOG), opaque=true,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.BlockRubberWood
block:id=ID.RubberWood,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.log.top,face2-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.log.side
block:id=ID.RubberWood,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,face0-1=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.log.side,face2-3=4000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.log.side,face4-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.log.top
block:id=ID.RubberWood,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,face0-1=4000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.log.side,face2-3=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.log.top,face4-5=4000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.log.side
block:id=ID.RubberWood,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.log.side
# ID.RubberLeaves:* (tile.mfr.rubberwood.leaves), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.BlockRubberLeaves
block:id=ID.RubberLeaves,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.leaves.transparent
block:id=ID.RubberLeaves,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=13000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.leaves.transparent
block:id=ID.RubberLeaves,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=14000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.leaves.transparent
block:id=ID.RubberLeaves,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.leaves.transparent
block:id=ID.RubberLeaves,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=13000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.leaves.transparent
block:id=ID.RubberLeaves,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=14000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.leaves.transparent
block:id=ID.RubberLeaves,data=7,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.leaves.transparent
block:id=ID.RubberLeaves,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=13000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.leaves.transparent
block:id=ID.RubberLeaves,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=14000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.leaves.transparent
block:id=ID.RubberLeaves,data=11,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.leaves.transparent
block:id=ID.RubberLeaves,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=13000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.leaves.transparent
block:id=ID.RubberLeaves,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=14000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.leaves.transparent
block:id=ID.RubberLeaves,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.leaves.transparent
# ID.RubberSapling:* (tile.mfr.rubberwood.sapling), render=1(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.BlockRubberSapling
block:id=ID.RubberSapling,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rubberwood.sapling
# ID.CargoRailDropoffBlock:* (tile.mfr.rail.cargo.dropoff), render=9(MINECARTTRACK), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.BlockRailCargoDropoff
block:id=ID.CargoRailDropoffBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rail.cargo.dropoff
# ID.CargoRailPickupBlock:* (tile.mfr.rail.cargo.pickup), render=9(MINECARTTRACK), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.BlockRailCargoPickup
block:id=ID.CargoRailPickupBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rail.cargo.pickup
# ID.PassengerRailDropoffBlock:* (tile.mfr.rail.passenger.dropoff), render=9(MINECARTTRACK), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.BlockRailPassengerDropoff
block:id=ID.PassengerRailDropoffBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rail.passenger.dropoff
# ID.PassengerRailPickupBlock:* (tile.mfr.rail.passenger.pickup), render=9(MINECARTTRACK), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.BlockRailPassengerPickup
block:id=ID.PassengerRailPickupBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rail.passenger.pickup
# ID.StainedGlass:* (tile.mfr.stainedglass.block), render=144(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.BlockFactoryGlass
block:id=ID.StainedGlass,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=F0F0F0,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=ID.StainedGlass,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=EB8844,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=ID.StainedGlass,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=C354CD,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=ID.StainedGlass,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=6689D3,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=ID.StainedGlass,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=DECF2A,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=ID.StainedGlass,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=41CD34,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=ID.StainedGlass,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=D88198,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=ID.StainedGlass,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=434343,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=ID.StainedGlass,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=ABABAB,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=ID.StainedGlass,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=287697,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=ID.StainedGlass,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=7B2FBE,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=ID.StainedGlass,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=253192,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=ID.StainedGlass,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=51301A,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=ID.StainedGlass,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=3B511A,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=ID.StainedGlass,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=B3312C,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=ID.StainedGlass,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=1E1B1B,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
# ID.StainedGlassPane:* (tile.mfr.stainedglass.pane), render=139(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.BlockFactoryGlassPane
block:id=ID.StainedGlassPane,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=F0F0F0,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=ID.StainedGlassPane,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=EB8844,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=ID.StainedGlassPane,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=C354CD,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=ID.StainedGlassPane,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=6689D3,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=ID.StainedGlassPane,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=DECF2A,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=ID.StainedGlassPane,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=41CD34,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=ID.StainedGlassPane,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=D88198,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=ID.StainedGlassPane,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=434343,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=ID.StainedGlassPane,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=ABABAB,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=ID.StainedGlassPane,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=287697,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=ID.StainedGlassPane,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=7B2FBE,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=ID.StainedGlassPane,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=253192,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=ID.StainedGlassPane,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=51301A,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=ID.StainedGlassPane,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=3B511A,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=ID.StainedGlassPane,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=B3312C,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
block:id=ID.StainedGlassPane,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=1E1B1B,face0-5=17000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.stainedglass
# ID.MachineBlock1:* (tile.mfr.machine.1), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.BlockFactoryMachine
block:id=ID.MachineBlock1,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.ejector.idle.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.ejector.idle.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.ejector.idle.left,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.ejector.idle.right,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.ejector.idle.front,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.ejector.idle.back
block:id=ID.MachineBlock1,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.itemrouter.idle.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.itemrouter.idle.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.itemrouter.idle.left,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.itemrouter.idle.right,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.itemrouter.idle.front,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.itemrouter.idle.back
block:id=ID.MachineBlock1,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.liquidrouter.idle.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.liquidrouter.idle.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.liquidrouter.idle.left,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.liquidrouter.idle.right,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.liquidrouter.idle.front,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.liquidrouter.idle.back
block:id=ID.MachineBlock1,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.deepstorageunit.idle.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.deepstorageunit.idle.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.deepstorageunit.idle.left,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.deepstorageunit.idle.right,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.deepstorageunit.idle.front,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.deepstorageunit.idle.back
block:id=ID.MachineBlock1,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.liquicrafter.idle.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.liquicrafter.idle.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.liquicrafter.idle.left,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.liquicrafter.idle.right,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.liquicrafter.idle.front,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.liquicrafter.idle.back
block:id=ID.MachineBlock1,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.lavafabricator.idle.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.lavafabricator.idle.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.lavafabricator.idle.left,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.lavafabricator.idle.right,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.lavafabricator.idle.front,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.lavafabricator.idle.back
block:id=ID.MachineBlock1,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.oilfabricator.idle.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.oilfabricator.idle.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.oilfabricator.idle.left,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.oilfabricator.idle.right,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.oilfabricator.idle.front,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.oilfabricator.idle.back
block:id=ID.MachineBlock1,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autojukebox.idle.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autojukebox.idle.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autojukebox.idle.left,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autojukebox.idle.right,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autojukebox.idle.front,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autojukebox.idle.back
block:id=ID.MachineBlock1,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.unifier.idle.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.unifier.idle.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.unifier.idle.left,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.unifier.idle.right,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.unifier.idle.front,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.unifier.idle.back
block:id=ID.MachineBlock1,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autospawner.idle.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autospawner.idle.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autospawner.idle.left,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autospawner.idle.right,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autospawner.idle.front,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autospawner.idle.back
block:id=ID.MachineBlock1,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.bioreactor.idle.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.bioreactor.idle.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.bioreactor.idle.left,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.bioreactor.idle.right,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.bioreactor.idle.front,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.bioreactor.idle.back
block:id=ID.MachineBlock1,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.biofuelgenerator.idle.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.biofuelgenerator.idle.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.biofuelgenerator.idle.left,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.biofuelgenerator.idle.right,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.biofuelgenerator.idle.front,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.biofuelgenerator.idle.back
block:id=ID.MachineBlock1,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autodisenchanter.idle.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autodisenchanter.idle.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autodisenchanter.idle.left,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autodisenchanter.idle.right,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autodisenchanter.idle.front,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autodisenchanter.idle.back
block:id=ID.MachineBlock1,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.slaughterhouse.idle.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.slaughterhouse.idle.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.slaughterhouse.idle.left,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.slaughterhouse.idle.right,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.slaughterhouse.idle.front,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.slaughterhouse.idle.back
block:id=ID.MachineBlock1,data=14,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.meatpacker.idle.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.meatpacker.idle.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.meatpacker.idle.left,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.meatpacker.idle.right,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.meatpacker.idle.front,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.meatpacker.idle.back
block:id=ID.MachineBlock1,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.enchantmentrouter.idle.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.enchantmentrouter.idle.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.enchantmentrouter.idle.left,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.enchantmentrouter.idle.right,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.enchantmentrouter.idle.front,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.enchantmentrouter.idle.back
# ID.Road:* (tile.mfr.road), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.BlockFactoryRoad
block:id=ID.Road,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.road
block:id=ID.Road,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.road.light.off
block:id=ID.Road,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.road.light.on
block:id=ID.Road,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.road.light.off
block:id=ID.Road,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.road.light.on
block:id=ID.Road,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.road
# ID.Bricks:* (tile.mfr.decorativebrick), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.BlockFactoryDecorativeBricks
block:id=ID.Bricks,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativebrick.ice
block:id=ID.Bricks,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativebrick.glowstone
block:id=ID.Bricks,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativebrick.lapis
block:id=ID.Bricks,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativebrick.obsidian
block:id=ID.Bricks,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativebrick.pavedstone
block:id=ID.Bricks,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativebrick.snow
block:id=ID.Bricks,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativebrick.glowstone_large
block:id=ID.Bricks,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativebrick.ice_large
block:id=ID.Bricks,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativebrick.lapis_large
block:id=ID.Bricks,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativebrick.obsidian_large
block:id=ID.Bricks,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativebrick.snow_large
block:id=ID.Bricks,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativebrick.prc
block:id=ID.Bricks,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativebrick.meat.raw
block:id=ID.Bricks,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativebrick.meat.cooked
# ID.Stone:* (tile.mfr.decorativestone), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.BlockDecorativeStone
block:id=ID.Stone,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativestone.black.smooth
block:id=ID.Stone,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativestone.white.smooth
block:id=ID.Stone,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativestone.black.cobble
block:id=ID.Stone,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativestone.white.cobble
block:id=ID.Stone,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativestone.black.brick.large
block:id=ID.Stone,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativestone.white.brick.large
block:id=ID.Stone,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativestone.black.brick.small
block:id=ID.Stone,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativestone.white.brick.small
block:id=ID.Stone,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativestone.black.gravel
block:id=ID.Stone,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativestone.white.gravel
block:id=ID.Stone,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativestone.black.paved
block:id=ID.Stone,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.decorativestone.white.paved
# ID.Milk.Still:* (fluid.mfr.liquid.milk.still), render=40(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.BlockFactoryFluid
block:id=ID.Milk.Still,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.liquid.milk.still,face2-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.liquid.milk.flowing
# ID.Meat.Still:* (fluid.mfr.liquid.meat.still), render=40(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.BlockFactoryFluid
block:id=ID.Meat.Still,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.liquid.meat.still,face2-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.liquid.meat.flowing
# ID.Sludge.Still:* (fluid.mfr.liquid.sludge.still), render=40(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.BlockFactoryFluid
block:id=ID.Sludge.Still,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.liquid.sludge.still,face2-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.liquid.sludge.flowing
# ID.PinkSlime.Still:* (fluid.mfr.liquid.pinkslime.still), render=40(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.BlockPinkSlimeFluid
block:id=ID.PinkSlime.Still,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.liquid.pinkslime.still,face2-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.liquid.pinkslime.flowing
# ID.Sewage.Still:* (fluid.mfr.liquid.sewage.still), render=40(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.BlockFactoryFluid
block:id=ID.Sewage.Still,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.liquid.sewage.still,face2-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.liquid.sewage.flowing
# ID.ChocolateMilk.Still:* (fluid.mfr.liquid.chocolatemilk.still), render=40(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.BlockFactoryFluid
block:id=ID.ChocolateMilk.Still,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.liquid.chocolatemilk.still,face2-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.liquid.chocolatemilk.flowing
# ID.MobEssence.Still:* (fluid.mfr.liquid.mobessence.still), render=40(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.BlockFactoryFluid
block:id=ID.MobEssence.Still,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.liquid.mobessence.still,face2-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.liquid.mobessence.flowing
# ID.MushroomSoup.Still:* (fluid.mfr.liquid.mushroomsoup.still), render=40(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.BlockFactoryFluid
block:id=ID.MushroomSoup.Still,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.liquid.mushroomsoup.still,face2-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.liquid.mushroomsoup.flowing
# ID.BioFuel.Still:* (fluid.mfr.liquid.biofuel.still), render=40(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.BlockFactoryFluid
block:id=ID.BioFuel.Still,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.liquid.biofuel.still,face2-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/fluid.mfr.liquid.biofuel.flowing
# ID.RedNet.Cable:* (tile.mfr.cable.redstone), render=140(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.BlockRedNetCable
block:id=ID.RedNet.Cable,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.cable.redstone
# ID.RedNet.Logic:* (tile.mfr.rednet.logic), render=142(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.BlockRedNetLogic
block:id=ID.RedNet.Logic,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rednet.logic
# ID.MachineBlock2:* (tile.mfr.machine.2), render=0(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.BlockFactoryMachine
block:id=ID.MachineBlock2,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrill.idle.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrill.idle.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrill.idle.left,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrill.idle.right,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrill.idle.front,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrill.idle.back
block:id=ID.MachineBlock2,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrillprecharger.idle.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrillprecharger.idle.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrillprecharger.idle.left,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrillprecharger.idle.right,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrillprecharger.idle.front,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.laserdrillprecharger.idle.back
block:id=ID.MachineBlock2,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autoanvil.idle.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autoanvil.idle.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autoanvil.idle.left,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autoanvil.idle.right,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autoanvil.idle.front,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autoanvil.idle.back
block:id=ID.MachineBlock2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.blocksmasher.idle.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.blocksmasher.idle.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.blocksmasher.idle.left,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.blocksmasher.idle.right,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.blocksmasher.idle.front,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.blocksmasher.idle.back
block:id=ID.MachineBlock2,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.rednote.idle.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.rednote.idle.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.rednote.idle.left,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.rednote.idle.right,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.rednote.idle.front,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.rednote.idle.back
block:id=ID.MachineBlock2,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autobrewer.idle.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autobrewer.idle.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autobrewer.idle.left,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autobrewer.idle.right,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autobrewer.idle.front,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.autobrewer.idle.back
block:id=ID.MachineBlock2,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.fruitpicker.idle.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.fruitpicker.idle.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.fruitpicker.idle.left,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.fruitpicker.idle.right,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.fruitpicker.idle.front,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.fruitpicker.idle.back
block:id=ID.MachineBlock2,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.blockplacer.idle.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.blockplacer.idle.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.blockplacer.idle.left,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.blockplacer.idle.right,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.blockplacer.idle.front,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.blockplacer.idle.back
block:id=ID.MachineBlock2,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.mobcounter.idle.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.mobcounter.idle.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.mobcounter.idle.left,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.mobcounter.idle.right,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.mobcounter.idle.front,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.mobcounter.idle.back
block:id=ID.MachineBlock2,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.steamturbine.idle.bottom,face1=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.steamturbine.idle.top,face2=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.steamturbine.idle.left,face3=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.steamturbine.idle.right,face4=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.steamturbine.idle.front,face5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.machine.steamturbine.idle.back
# ID.VineScaffold:* (tile.mfr.vinescaffold), render=143(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.BlockVineScaffold
block:id=ID.VineScaffold,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=2000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.vinescaffold.top,face2-5=2000:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.vinescaffold.side
# ID.RedNet.Panel:* (tile.mfr.rednet.panel), render=1006(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.BlockRedNetPanel
block:id=ID.RedNet.Panel,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.rednet.panel
# ID.DetCord:* (tile.mfr.detcord), render=145(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=powercrystals.minefactoryreloaded.block.BlockDetCord
block:id=ID.DetCord,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minefactoryreloaded/tile.mfr.detcord
