# PFAAGeologica 0.1.4
version:1.7
modname:PFAAGeologica



# Configuration file not found!


texturepath:assets/pfaageologica/textures/blocks/
texture:id=geologica/mediumCobble_limestone,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/mediumCobble_limestone.png
texture:id=geologica/mediumCobble_schist,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/mediumCobble_schist.png
texture:id=geologica/mediumCobble_serpentinite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/mediumCobble_serpentinite.png
texture:id=geologica/mediumCobble_skarn,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/mediumCobble_skarn.png
texture:id=geologica/mediumCobble_slate,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/mediumCobble_slate.png
texture:id=geologica/mediumOreRock_alunite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/mediumOreRock_alunite.png
texture:id=geologica/mediumOreRock_barite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/mediumOreRock_barite.png
texture:id=geologica/mediumOreRock_bastnasite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/mediumOreRock_bastnasite.png
texture:id=geologica/mediumOreRock_celestine,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/mediumOreRock_celestine.png
texture:id=geologica/mediumOreRock_chalcopyrite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/mediumOreRock_chalcopyrite.png
texture:id=geologica/mediumOreRock_dolomite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/mediumOreRock_dolomite.png
texture:id=geologica/mediumOreRock_fluorite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/mediumOreRock_fluorite.png
texture:id=geologica/mediumOreRock_garnierite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/mediumOreRock_garnierite.png
texture:id=geologica/mediumOreRock_lepidolite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/mediumOreRock_lepidolite.png
texture:id=geologica/mediumOreRock_magnesite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/mediumOreRock_magnesite.png
texture:id=geologica/mediumOreRock_pentlandite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/mediumOreRock_pentlandite.png
texture:id=geologica/mediumOreRock_scheelite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/mediumOreRock_scheelite.png
texture:id=geologica/mediumOreRock_sphalerite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/mediumOreRock_sphalerite.png
texture:id=geologica/mediumOreRock_wolframite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/mediumOreRock_wolframite.png
texture:id=geologica/mediumOreRock_wollastonite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/mediumOreRock_wollastonite.png
texture:id=geologica/mediumOreRock_zeolite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/mediumOreRock_zeolite.png
texture:id=geologica/mediumStoneBrick_limestone,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/mediumStoneBrick_limestone.png
texture:id=geologica/mediumStoneBrick_schist,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/mediumStoneBrick_schist.png
texture:id=geologica/mediumStoneBrick_serpentinite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/mediumStoneBrick_serpentinite.png
texture:id=geologica/mediumStoneBrick_skarn,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/mediumStoneBrick_skarn.png
texture:id=geologica/mediumStoneBrick_slate,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/mediumStoneBrick_slate.png
texture:id=geologica/mediumStone_limestone,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/mediumStone_limestone.png
texture:id=geologica/mediumStone_schist,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/mediumStone_schist.png
texture:id=geologica/mediumStone_serpentinite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/mediumStone_serpentinite.png
texture:id=geologica/mediumStone_skarn,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/mediumStone_skarn.png
texture:id=geologica/mediumStone_slate,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/mediumStone_slate.png
texture:id=geologica/strongCobble_andesite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/strongCobble_andesite.png
texture:id=geologica/strongCobble_basalt,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/strongCobble_basalt.png
texture:id=geologica/strongCobble_gneiss,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/strongCobble_gneiss.png
texture:id=geologica/strongCobble_granite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/strongCobble_granite.png
texture:id=geologica/strongCobble_greenschist,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/strongCobble_greenschist.png
texture:id=geologica/strongCobble_marble,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/strongCobble_marble.png
texture:id=geologica/strongCobble_pegmatite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/strongCobble_pegmatite.png
texture:id=geologica/strongCobble_rhyolite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/strongCobble_rhyolite.png
texture:id=geologica/strongOreRock_apatite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/strongOreRock_apatite.png
texture:id=geologica/strongOreRock_bandedIron,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/strongOreRock_bandedIron.png
texture:id=geologica/strongOreRock_beryl,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/strongOreRock_beryl.png
texture:id=geologica/strongOreRock_cassiterite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/strongOreRock_cassiterite.png
texture:id=geologica/strongOreRock_chromite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/strongOreRock_chromite.png
texture:id=geologica/strongOreRock_ilmenite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/strongOreRock_ilmenite.png
texture:id=geologica/strongOreRock_kyanite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/strongOreRock_kyanite.png
texture:id=geologica/strongOreRock_magnetite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/strongOreRock_magnetite.png
texture:id=geologica/strongOreRock_perlite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/strongOreRock_perlite.png
texture:id=geologica/strongOreRock_pollucite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/strongOreRock_pollucite.png
texture:id=geologica/strongOreRock_pumice,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/strongOreRock_pumice.png
texture:id=geologica/strongOreRock_spodumene,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/strongOreRock_spodumene.png
texture:id=geologica/strongOreRock_tantalite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/strongOreRock_tantalite.png
texture:id=geologica/strongOreRock_uraninite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/strongOreRock_uraninite.png
texture:id=geologica/strongOreRock_vanadiumMagnetite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/strongOreRock_vanadiumMagnetite.png
texture:id=geologica/strongStoneBrick_andesite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/strongStoneBrick_andesite.png
texture:id=geologica/strongStoneBrick_basalt,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/strongStoneBrick_basalt.png
texture:id=geologica/strongStoneBrick_gneiss,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/strongStoneBrick_gneiss.png
texture:id=geologica/strongStoneBrick_granite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/strongStoneBrick_granite.png
texture:id=geologica/strongStoneBrick_greenschist,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/strongStoneBrick_greenschist.png
texture:id=geologica/strongStoneBrick_marble,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/strongStoneBrick_marble.png
texture:id=geologica/strongStoneBrick_pegmatite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/strongStoneBrick_pegmatite.png
texture:id=geologica/strongStoneBrick_rhyolite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/strongStoneBrick_rhyolite.png
texture:id=geologica/strongStone_andesite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/strongStone_andesite.png
texture:id=geologica/strongStone_basalt,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/strongStone_basalt.png
texture:id=geologica/strongStone_gneiss,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/strongStone_gneiss.png
texture:id=geologica/strongStone_granite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/strongStone_granite.png
texture:id=geologica/strongStone_greenschist,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/strongStone_greenschist.png
texture:id=geologica/strongStone_marble,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/strongStone_marble.png
texture:id=geologica/strongStone_pegmatite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/strongStone_pegmatite.png
texture:id=geologica/strongStone_rhyolite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/strongStone_rhyolite.png
texture:id=geologica/veryStrongCobble_diorite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/veryStrongCobble_diorite.png
texture:id=geologica/veryStrongCobble_gabbro,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/veryStrongCobble_gabbro.png
texture:id=geologica/veryStrongCobble_hornfels,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/veryStrongCobble_hornfels.png
texture:id=geologica/veryStrongCobble_peridotite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/veryStrongCobble_peridotite.png
texture:id=geologica/veryStrongCobble_quartzite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/veryStrongCobble_quartzite.png
texture:id=geologica/veryStrongStoneBrick_diorite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/veryStrongStoneBrick_diorite.png
texture:id=geologica/veryStrongStoneBrick_gabbro,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/veryStrongStoneBrick_gabbro.png
texture:id=geologica/veryStrongStoneBrick_hornfels,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/veryStrongStoneBrick_hornfels.png
texture:id=geologica/veryStrongStoneBrick_peridotite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/veryStrongStoneBrick_peridotite.png
texture:id=geologica/veryStrongStoneBrick_quartzite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/veryStrongStoneBrick_quartzite.png
texture:id=geologica/veryStrongStone_diorite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/veryStrongStone_diorite.png
texture:id=geologica/veryStrongStone_gabbro,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/veryStrongStone_gabbro.png
texture:id=geologica/veryStrongStone_hornfels,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/veryStrongStone_hornfels.png
texture:id=geologica/veryStrongStone_peridotite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/veryStrongStone_peridotite.png
texture:id=geologica/veryStrongStone_quartzite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/veryStrongStone_quartzite.png
texture:id=geologica/weakClayBrick_laterite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/weakClayBrick_laterite.png
texture:id=geologica/weakClay_laterite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/weakClay_laterite.png
texture:id=geologica/weakOreClay_bauxite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/weakOreClay_bauxite.png
texture:id=geologica/weakOreClay_bentonite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/weakOreClay_bentonite.png
texture:id=geologica/weakOreClay_brownLimonite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/weakOreClay_brownLimonite.png
texture:id=geologica/weakOreClay_fullersEarth,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/weakOreClay_fullersEarth.png
texture:id=geologica/weakOreClay_kaolinite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/weakOreClay_kaolinite.png
texture:id=geologica/weakOreClay_vermiculite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/weakOreClay_vermiculite.png
texture:id=geologica/weakOreClay_yellowLimonite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/weakOreClay_yellowLimonite.png
texture:id=geologica/weakOreRock_borax,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/weakOreRock_borax.png
texture:id=geologica/weakOreRock_chrysotile,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/weakOreRock_chrysotile.png
texture:id=geologica/weakOreRock_cinnabar,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/weakOreRock_cinnabar.png
texture:id=geologica/weakOreRock_diatomite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/weakOreRock_diatomite.png
texture:id=geologica/weakOreRock_galena,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/weakOreRock_galena.png
texture:id=geologica/weakOreRock_glauconite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/weakOreRock_glauconite.png
texture:id=geologica/weakOreRock_graphite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/weakOreRock_graphite.png
texture:id=geologica/weakOreRock_gypsum,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/weakOreRock_gypsum.png
texture:id=geologica/weakOreRock_mica,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/weakOreRock_mica.png
texture:id=geologica/weakOreRock_mirabilite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/weakOreRock_mirabilite.png
texture:id=geologica/weakOreRock_molybdenite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/weakOreRock_molybdenite.png
texture:id=geologica/weakOreRock_pyrolusite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/weakOreRock_pyrolusite.png
texture:id=geologica/weakOreRock_rockSalt,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/weakOreRock_rockSalt.png
texture:id=geologica/weakOreRock_soapstone,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/weakOreRock_soapstone.png
texture:id=geologica/weakOreRock_stibnite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/weakOreRock_stibnite.png
texture:id=geologica/weakOreRock_trona,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/weakOreRock_trona.png
texture:id=geologica/weakOreSand_basalticMineralSand,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/weakOreSand_basalticMineralSand.png
texture:id=geologica/weakOreSand_cassiteriteSand,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/weakOreSand_cassiteriteSand.png
texture:id=geologica/weakOreSand_garnetSand,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/weakOreSand_garnetSand.png
texture:id=geologica/weakOreSand_graniticMineralSand,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/weakOreSand_graniticMineralSand.png
texture:id=geologica/weakOreSand_quartzSand,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/weakOreSand_quartzSand.png
texture:id=geologica/weakOreSand_volcanicAsh,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/weakOreSand_volcanicAsh.png
texture:id=geologica/weakRubble_breccia,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/weakRubble_breccia.png
texture:id=geologica/weakRubble_carbonatite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/weakRubble_carbonatite.png
texture:id=geologica/weakRubble_claystone,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/weakRubble_claystone.png
texture:id=geologica/weakRubble_conglomerate,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/weakRubble_conglomerate.png
texture:id=geologica/weakRubble_mudstone,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/weakRubble_mudstone.png
texture:id=geologica/weakStone_breccia,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/weakStone_breccia.png
texture:id=geologica/weakStone_carbonatite,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/weakStone_carbonatite.png
texture:id=geologica/weakStone_claystone,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/weakStone_claystone.png
texture:id=geologica/weakStone_conglomerate,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/weakStone_conglomerate.png
texture:id=geologica/weakStone_mudstone,filename=assets/geologica/textures/blocks/weakStone_mudstone.png



# %weakStone:* (weakStone), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=org.pfaa.geologica.block.IntactGeoBlock
block:id=%weakStone,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/weakStone_breccia
block:id=%weakStone,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/weakStone_carbonatite
block:id=%weakStone,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/weakStone_claystone
block:id=%weakStone,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/weakStone_conglomerate
block:id=%weakStone,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/weakStone_mudstone

# %mediumStone:* (mediumStone), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=org.pfaa.geologica.block.IntactGeoBlock
block:id=%mediumStone,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStone_limestone
block:id=%mediumStone,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStone_schist
block:id=%mediumStone,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStone_serpentinite
block:id=%mediumStone,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStone_slate
block:id=%mediumStone,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStone_skarn

# %strongStone:* (strongStone), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=org.pfaa.geologica.block.IntactGeoBlock
block:id=%strongStone,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStone_andesite
block:id=%strongStone,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStone_basalt
block:id=%strongStone,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStone_gneiss
block:id=%strongStone,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStone_granite
block:id=%strongStone,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStone_greenschist
block:id=%strongStone,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStone_marble
block:id=%strongStone,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStone_pegmatite
block:id=%strongStone,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStone_rhyolite

# %veryStrongStone:* (veryStrongStone), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=org.pfaa.geologica.block.IntactGeoBlock
block:id=%veryStrongStone,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStone_diorite
block:id=%veryStrongStone,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStone_gabbro
block:id=%veryStrongStone,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStone_hornfels
block:id=%veryStrongStone,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStone_peridotite
block:id=%veryStrongStone,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStone_quartzite

# %mediumCobble:* (mediumCobble), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=org.pfaa.geologica.block.BrokenGeoBlock
block:id=%mediumCobble,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumCobble_limestone
block:id=%mediumCobble,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumCobble_schist
block:id=%mediumCobble,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumCobble_serpentinite
block:id=%mediumCobble,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumCobble_slate
block:id=%mediumCobble,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumCobble_skarn

# %strongCobble:* (strongCobble), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=org.pfaa.geologica.block.BrokenGeoBlock
block:id=%strongCobble,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongCobble_andesite
block:id=%strongCobble,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongCobble_basalt
block:id=%strongCobble,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongCobble_gneiss
block:id=%strongCobble,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongCobble_granite
block:id=%strongCobble,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongCobble_greenschist
block:id=%strongCobble,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongCobble_marble
block:id=%strongCobble,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongCobble_pegmatite
block:id=%strongCobble,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongCobble_rhyolite

# %veryStrongCobble:* (veryStrongCobble), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=org.pfaa.geologica.block.BrokenGeoBlock
block:id=%veryStrongCobble,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongCobble_diorite
block:id=%veryStrongCobble,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongCobble_gabbro
block:id=%veryStrongCobble,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongCobble_hornfels
block:id=%veryStrongCobble,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongCobble_peridotite
block:id=%veryStrongCobble,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongCobble_quartzite

# %mediumStoneBrick:* (mediumStoneBrick), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=org.pfaa.geologica.block.BrickGeoBlock
block:id=%mediumStoneBrick,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStoneBrick_limestone
block:id=%mediumStoneBrick,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStoneBrick_schist
block:id=%mediumStoneBrick,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStoneBrick_serpentinite
block:id=%mediumStoneBrick,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStoneBrick_slate
block:id=%mediumStoneBrick,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStoneBrick_skarn

# %strongStoneBrick:* (strongStoneBrick), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=org.pfaa.geologica.block.BrickGeoBlock
block:id=%strongStoneBrick,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_andesite
block:id=%strongStoneBrick,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_basalt
block:id=%strongStoneBrick,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_gneiss
block:id=%strongStoneBrick,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_granite
block:id=%strongStoneBrick,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_greenschist
block:id=%strongStoneBrick,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_marble
block:id=%strongStoneBrick,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_pegmatite
block:id=%strongStoneBrick,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_rhyolite

# %veryStrongStoneBrick:* (veryStrongStoneBrick), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=org.pfaa.geologica.block.BrickGeoBlock
block:id=%veryStrongStoneBrick,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStoneBrick_diorite
block:id=%veryStrongStoneBrick,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStoneBrick_gabbro
block:id=%veryStrongStoneBrick,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStoneBrick_hornfels
block:id=%veryStrongStoneBrick,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStoneBrick_peridotite
block:id=%veryStrongStoneBrick,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStoneBrick_quartzite

# %weakRubble:* (weakRubble), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=org.pfaa.geologica.block.LooseGeoBlock
block:id=%weakRubble,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/weakRubble_breccia
block:id=%weakRubble,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/weakRubble_carbonatite
block:id=%weakRubble,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/weakRubble_claystone
block:id=%weakRubble,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/weakRubble_conglomerate
block:id=%weakRubble,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/weakRubble_mudstone

# %weakOreSand:* (weakOreSand), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=org.pfaa.geologica.block.LooseGeoBlock
block:id=%weakOreSand,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/weakOreSand_basalticMineralSand
block:id=%weakOreSand,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/weakOreSand_cassiteriteSand
block:id=%weakOreSand,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/weakOreSand_garnetSand
block:id=%weakOreSand,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/weakOreSand_graniticMineralSand
block:id=%weakOreSand,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/weakOreSand_quartzSand
block:id=%weakOreSand,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/weakOreSand_volcanicAsh

# %weakOreRock:* (weakOreRock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=org.pfaa.geologica.block.IntactGeoBlock
block:id=%weakOreRock,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/weakOreRock_borax
block:id=%weakOreRock,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/weakOreRock_cinnabar
block:id=%weakOreRock,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/weakOreRock_galena
block:id=%weakOreRock,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/weakOreRock_molybdenite
block:id=%weakOreRock,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/weakOreRock_pyrolusite
block:id=%weakOreRock,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/weakOreRock_rockSalt
block:id=%weakOreRock,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/weakOreRock_stibnite
block:id=%weakOreRock,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/weakOreRock_chrysotile
block:id=%weakOreRock,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/weakOreRock_diatomite
block:id=%weakOreRock,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/weakOreRock_glauconite
block:id=%weakOreRock,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/weakOreRock_graphite
block:id=%weakOreRock,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/weakOreRock_gypsum
block:id=%weakOreRock,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/weakOreRock_mirabilite
block:id=%weakOreRock,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/weakOreRock_mica
block:id=%weakOreRock,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/weakOreRock_soapstone
block:id=%weakOreRock,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/weakOreRock_trona

# %mediumOreRock:* (mediumOreRock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=org.pfaa.geologica.block.IntactGeoBlock
block:id=%mediumOreRock,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumOreRock_barite
block:id=%mediumOreRock,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumOreRock_bastnasite
block:id=%mediumOreRock,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumOreRock_chalcopyrite
block:id=%mediumOreRock,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumOreRock_garnierite
block:id=%mediumOreRock,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumOreRock_lepidolite
block:id=%mediumOreRock,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumOreRock_magnesite
block:id=%mediumOreRock,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumOreRock_pentlandite
block:id=%mediumOreRock,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumOreRock_scheelite
block:id=%mediumOreRock,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumOreRock_sphalerite
block:id=%mediumOreRock,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumOreRock_wolframite
block:id=%mediumOreRock,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumOreRock_alunite
block:id=%mediumOreRock,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumOreRock_celestine
block:id=%mediumOreRock,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumOreRock_dolomite
block:id=%mediumOreRock,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumOreRock_fluorite
block:id=%mediumOreRock,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumOreRock_wollastonite
block:id=%mediumOreRock,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumOreRock_zeolite

# %strongOreRock:* (strongOreRock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=org.pfaa.geologica.block.IntactGeoBlock
block:id=%strongOreRock,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongOreRock_bandedIron
block:id=%strongOreRock,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongOreRock_beryl
block:id=%strongOreRock,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongOreRock_cassiterite
block:id=%strongOreRock,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongOreRock_chromite
block:id=%strongOreRock,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongOreRock_ilmenite
block:id=%strongOreRock,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongOreRock_magnetite
block:id=%strongOreRock,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongOreRock_pollucite
block:id=%strongOreRock,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongOreRock_spodumene
block:id=%strongOreRock,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongOreRock_tantalite
block:id=%strongOreRock,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongOreRock_uraninite
block:id=%strongOreRock,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongOreRock_vanadiumMagnetite
block:id=%strongOreRock,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongOreRock_apatite
block:id=%strongOreRock,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongOreRock_kyanite
block:id=%strongOreRock,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongOreRock_perlite
block:id=%strongOreRock,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongOreRock_pumice

# %weakClay:* (weakClay), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=org.pfaa.geologica.block.IntactGeoBlock
block:id=%weakClay,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/weakClay_laterite

# %weakOreClay:* (weakOreClay), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=org.pfaa.geologica.block.IntactGeoBlock
block:id=%weakOreClay,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/weakOreClay_bauxite
block:id=%weakOreClay,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/weakOreClay_bentonite
block:id=%weakOreClay,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/weakOreClay_fullersEarth
block:id=%weakOreClay,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/weakOreClay_kaolinite
block:id=%weakOreClay,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/weakOreClay_brownLimonite
block:id=%weakOreClay,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/weakOreClay_yellowLimonite
block:id=%weakOreClay,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/weakOreClay_vermiculite

# %weakClayBrick:* (weakClayBrick), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=org.pfaa.geologica.block.BrickGeoBlock
block:id=%weakClayBrick,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/weakClayBrick_laterite

# %mediumCobbleWall:* (mediumCobbleWall), render=(WALL), opaque=false,cls=org.pfaa.geologica.block.WallBlock
block:id=%mediumCobbleWall,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:geologica/mediumCobble_limestone
block:id=%mediumCobbleWall,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:geologica/mediumCobble_schist
block:id=%mediumCobbleWall,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:geologica/mediumCobble_serpentinite
block:id=%mediumCobbleWall,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:geologica/mediumCobble_slate
block:id=%mediumCobbleWall,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:geologica/mediumCobble_skarn

# %strongCobbleWall:* (strongCobbleWall), render=(WALL), opaque=false,cls=org.pfaa.geologica.block.WallBlock
block:id=%strongCobbleWall,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:geologica/strongCobble_andesite
block:id=%strongCobbleWall,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:geologica/strongCobble_basalt
block:id=%strongCobbleWall,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:geologica/strongCobble_gneiss
block:id=%strongCobbleWall,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:geologica/strongCobble_granite
block:id=%strongCobbleWall,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:geologica/strongCobble_greenschist
block:id=%strongCobbleWall,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:geologica/strongCobble_marble
block:id=%strongCobbleWall,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:geologica/strongCobble_pegmatite
block:id=%strongCobbleWall,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:geologica/strongCobble_rhyolite

# %veryStrongCobbleWall:* (veryStrongCobbleWall), render=(WALL), opaque=false,cls=org.pfaa.geologica.block.WallBlock
block:id=%veryStrongCobbleWall,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:geologica/veryStrongCobble_diorite
block:id=%veryStrongCobbleWall,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:geologica/veryStrongCobble_gabbro
block:id=%veryStrongCobbleWall,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:geologica/veryStrongCobble_hornfels
block:id=%veryStrongCobbleWall,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:geologica/veryStrongCobble_peridotite
block:id=%veryStrongCobbleWall,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:geologica/veryStrongCobble_quartzite

# %mediumStoneBrickWall:* (mediumStoneBrickWall), render=(WALL), opaque=false,cls=org.pfaa.geologica.block.WallBlock
block:id=%mediumStoneBrickWall,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:geologica/mediumStoneBrick_limestone
block:id=%mediumStoneBrickWall,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:geologica/mediumStoneBrick_schist
block:id=%mediumStoneBrickWall,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:geologica/mediumStoneBrick_serpentinite
block:id=%mediumStoneBrickWall,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:geologica/mediumStoneBrick_slate
block:id=%mediumStoneBrickWall,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:geologica/mediumStoneBrick_skarn

# %strongStoneBrickWall:* (strongStoneBrickWall), render=(WALL), opaque=false,cls=org.pfaa.geologica.block.WallBlock
block:id=%strongStoneBrickWall,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_andesite
block:id=%strongStoneBrickWall,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_basalt
block:id=%strongStoneBrickWall,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_gneiss
block:id=%strongStoneBrickWall,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_granite
block:id=%strongStoneBrickWall,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_greenschist
block:id=%strongStoneBrickWall,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_marble
block:id=%strongStoneBrickWall,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_pegmatite
block:id=%strongStoneBrickWall,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_rhyolite

# %veryStrongStoneBrickWall:* (veryStrongStoneBrickWall), render=(WALL), opaque=false,cls=org.pfaa.geologica.block.WallBlock
block:id=%veryStrongStoneBrickWall,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:geologica/veryStrongStoneBrick_diorite
block:id=%veryStrongStoneBrickWall,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:geologica/veryStrongStoneBrick_gabbro
block:id=%veryStrongStoneBrickWall,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:geologica/veryStrongStoneBrick_hornfels
block:id=%veryStrongStoneBrickWall,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:geologica/veryStrongStoneBrick_peridotite
block:id=%veryStrongStoneBrickWall,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:geologica/veryStrongStoneBrick_quartzite

# %mediumCobbleSlab:* (mediumCobbleSlab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=org.pfaa.geologica.block.SlabBlock
block:id=%mediumCobbleSlab,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumCobble_limestone
block:id=%mediumCobbleSlab,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumCobble_schist
block:id=%mediumCobbleSlab,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumCobble_serpentinite
block:id=%mediumCobbleSlab,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumCobble_slate
block:id=%mediumCobbleSlab,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumCobble_skarn
block:id=%mediumCobbleSlab,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumCobble_limestone
block:id=%mediumCobbleSlab,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumCobble_schist
block:id=%mediumCobbleSlab,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumCobble_serpentinite
block:id=%mediumCobbleSlab,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumCobble_slate
block:id=%mediumCobbleSlab,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumCobble_skarn

# %mediumCobbleDoubleSlab:* (mediumCobbleDoubleSlab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=org.pfaa.geologica.block.SlabBlock
block:id=%mediumCobbleDoubleSlab,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumCobble_limestone
block:id=%mediumCobbleDoubleSlab,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumCobble_schist
block:id=%mediumCobbleDoubleSlab,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumCobble_serpentinite
block:id=%mediumCobbleDoubleSlab,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumCobble_slate
block:id=%mediumCobbleDoubleSlab,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumCobble_skarn
block:id=%mediumCobbleDoubleSlab,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumCobble_limestone
block:id=%mediumCobbleDoubleSlab,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumCobble_schist
block:id=%mediumCobbleDoubleSlab,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumCobble_serpentinite
block:id=%mediumCobbleDoubleSlab,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumCobble_slate
block:id=%mediumCobbleDoubleSlab,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumCobble_skarn

# %strongCobbleSlab:* (strongCobbleSlab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=org.pfaa.geologica.block.SlabBlock
block:id=%strongCobbleSlab,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongCobble_andesite
block:id=%strongCobbleSlab,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongCobble_basalt
block:id=%strongCobbleSlab,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongCobble_gneiss
block:id=%strongCobbleSlab,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongCobble_granite
block:id=%strongCobbleSlab,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongCobble_greenschist
block:id=%strongCobbleSlab,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongCobble_marble
block:id=%strongCobbleSlab,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongCobble_pegmatite
block:id=%strongCobbleSlab,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongCobble_rhyolite
block:id=%strongCobbleSlab,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongCobble_andesite
block:id=%strongCobbleSlab,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongCobble_basalt
block:id=%strongCobbleSlab,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongCobble_gneiss
block:id=%strongCobbleSlab,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongCobble_granite
block:id=%strongCobbleSlab,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongCobble_greenschist
block:id=%strongCobbleSlab,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongCobble_marble
block:id=%strongCobbleSlab,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongCobble_pegmatite
block:id=%strongCobbleSlab,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongCobble_rhyolite

# %veryStrongCobbleSlab:* (veryStrongCobbleSlab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=org.pfaa.geologica.block.SlabBlock
block:id=%veryStrongCobbleSlab,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongCobble_diorite
block:id=%veryStrongCobbleSlab,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongCobble_gabbro
block:id=%veryStrongCobbleSlab,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongCobble_hornfels
block:id=%veryStrongCobbleSlab,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongCobble_peridotite
block:id=%veryStrongCobbleSlab,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongCobble_quartzite
block:id=%veryStrongCobbleSlab,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongCobble_diorite
block:id=%veryStrongCobbleSlab,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongCobble_gabbro
block:id=%veryStrongCobbleSlab,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongCobble_hornfels
block:id=%veryStrongCobbleSlab,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongCobble_peridotite
block:id=%veryStrongCobbleSlab,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongCobble_quartzite

# %strongCobbleDoubleSlab:* (strongCobbleDoubleSlab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=org.pfaa.geologica.block.SlabBlock
block:id=%strongCobbleDoubleSlab,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongCobble_andesite
block:id=%strongCobbleDoubleSlab,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongCobble_basalt
block:id=%strongCobbleDoubleSlab,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongCobble_gneiss
block:id=%strongCobbleDoubleSlab,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongCobble_granite
block:id=%strongCobbleDoubleSlab,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongCobble_greenschist
block:id=%strongCobbleDoubleSlab,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongCobble_marble
block:id=%strongCobbleDoubleSlab,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongCobble_pegmatite
block:id=%strongCobbleDoubleSlab,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongCobble_rhyolite
block:id=%strongCobbleDoubleSlab,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongCobble_andesite
block:id=%strongCobbleDoubleSlab,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongCobble_basalt
block:id=%strongCobbleDoubleSlab,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongCobble_gneiss
block:id=%strongCobbleDoubleSlab,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongCobble_granite
block:id=%strongCobbleDoubleSlab,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongCobble_greenschist
block:id=%strongCobbleDoubleSlab,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongCobble_marble
block:id=%strongCobbleDoubleSlab,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongCobble_pegmatite
block:id=%strongCobbleDoubleSlab,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongCobble_rhyolite

# %veryStrongCobbleDoubleSlab:* (veryStrongCobbleDoubleSlab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=org.pfaa.geologica.block.SlabBlock
block:id=%veryStrongCobbleDoubleSlab,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongCobble_diorite
block:id=%veryStrongCobbleDoubleSlab,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongCobble_gabbro
block:id=%veryStrongCobbleDoubleSlab,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongCobble_hornfels
block:id=%veryStrongCobbleDoubleSlab,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongCobble_peridotite
block:id=%veryStrongCobbleDoubleSlab,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongCobble_quartzite
block:id=%veryStrongCobbleDoubleSlab,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongCobble_diorite
block:id=%veryStrongCobbleDoubleSlab,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongCobble_gabbro
block:id=%veryStrongCobbleDoubleSlab,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongCobble_hornfels
block:id=%veryStrongCobbleDoubleSlab,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongCobble_peridotite
block:id=%veryStrongCobbleDoubleSlab,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongCobble_quartzite

# %mediumStoneBrickSlab:* (mediumStoneBrickSlab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=org.pfaa.geologica.block.SlabBlock
block:id=%mediumStoneBrickSlab,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStoneBrick_limestone
block:id=%mediumStoneBrickSlab,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStoneBrick_schist
block:id=%mediumStoneBrickSlab,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStoneBrick_serpentinite
block:id=%mediumStoneBrickSlab,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStoneBrick_slate
block:id=%mediumStoneBrickSlab,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStoneBrick_skarn
block:id=%mediumStoneBrickSlab,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStoneBrick_limestone
block:id=%mediumStoneBrickSlab,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStoneBrick_schist
block:id=%mediumStoneBrickSlab,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStoneBrick_serpentinite
block:id=%mediumStoneBrickSlab,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStoneBrick_slate
block:id=%mediumStoneBrickSlab,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStoneBrick_skarn

# %mediumStoneBrickDoubleSlab:* (mediumStoneBrickDoubleSlab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=org.pfaa.geologica.block.SlabBlock
block:id=%mediumStoneBrickDoubleSlab,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStoneBrick_limestone
block:id=%mediumStoneBrickDoubleSlab,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStoneBrick_schist
block:id=%mediumStoneBrickDoubleSlab,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStoneBrick_serpentinite
block:id=%mediumStoneBrickDoubleSlab,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStoneBrick_slate
block:id=%mediumStoneBrickDoubleSlab,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStoneBrick_skarn
block:id=%mediumStoneBrickDoubleSlab,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStoneBrick_limestone
block:id=%mediumStoneBrickDoubleSlab,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStoneBrick_schist
block:id=%mediumStoneBrickDoubleSlab,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStoneBrick_serpentinite
block:id=%mediumStoneBrickDoubleSlab,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStoneBrick_slate
block:id=%mediumStoneBrickDoubleSlab,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStoneBrick_skarn

# %strongStoneBrickSlab:* (strongStoneBrickSlab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=org.pfaa.geologica.block.SlabBlock
block:id=%strongStoneBrickSlab,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_andesite
block:id=%strongStoneBrickSlab,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_basalt
block:id=%strongStoneBrickSlab,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_gneiss
block:id=%strongStoneBrickSlab,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_granite
block:id=%strongStoneBrickSlab,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_greenschist
block:id=%strongStoneBrickSlab,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_marble
block:id=%strongStoneBrickSlab,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_pegmatite
block:id=%strongStoneBrickSlab,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_rhyolite
block:id=%strongStoneBrickSlab,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_andesite
block:id=%strongStoneBrickSlab,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_basalt
block:id=%strongStoneBrickSlab,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_gneiss
block:id=%strongStoneBrickSlab,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_granite
block:id=%strongStoneBrickSlab,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_greenschist
block:id=%strongStoneBrickSlab,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_marble
block:id=%strongStoneBrickSlab,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_pegmatite
block:id=%strongStoneBrickSlab,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_rhyolite

# %strongStoneBrickDoubleSlab:* (strongStoneBrickDoubleSlab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=org.pfaa.geologica.block.SlabBlock
block:id=%strongStoneBrickDoubleSlab,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_andesite
block:id=%strongStoneBrickDoubleSlab,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_basalt
block:id=%strongStoneBrickDoubleSlab,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_gneiss
block:id=%strongStoneBrickDoubleSlab,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_granite
block:id=%strongStoneBrickDoubleSlab,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_greenschist
block:id=%strongStoneBrickDoubleSlab,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_marble
block:id=%strongStoneBrickDoubleSlab,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_pegmatite
block:id=%strongStoneBrickDoubleSlab,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_rhyolite
block:id=%strongStoneBrickDoubleSlab,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_andesite
block:id=%strongStoneBrickDoubleSlab,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_basalt
block:id=%strongStoneBrickDoubleSlab,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_gneiss
block:id=%strongStoneBrickDoubleSlab,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_granite
block:id=%strongStoneBrickDoubleSlab,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_greenschist
block:id=%strongStoneBrickDoubleSlab,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_marble
block:id=%strongStoneBrickDoubleSlab,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_pegmatite
block:id=%strongStoneBrickDoubleSlab,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_rhyolite

# %veryStrongStoneBrickSlab:* (veryStrongStoneBrickSlab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=org.pfaa.geologica.block.SlabBlock
block:id=%veryStrongStoneBrickSlab,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStoneBrick_diorite
block:id=%veryStrongStoneBrickSlab,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStoneBrick_gabbro
block:id=%veryStrongStoneBrickSlab,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStoneBrick_hornfels
block:id=%veryStrongStoneBrickSlab,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStoneBrick_peridotite
block:id=%veryStrongStoneBrickSlab,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStoneBrick_quartzite
block:id=%veryStrongStoneBrickSlab,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStoneBrick_diorite
block:id=%veryStrongStoneBrickSlab,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStoneBrick_gabbro
block:id=%veryStrongStoneBrickSlab,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStoneBrick_hornfels
block:id=%veryStrongStoneBrickSlab,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStoneBrick_peridotite
block:id=%veryStrongStoneBrickSlab,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStoneBrick_quartzite

# %veryStrongStoneBrickDoubleSlab:* (veryStrongStoneBrickDoubleSlab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=org.pfaa.geologica.block.SlabBlock
block:id=%veryStrongStoneBrickDoubleSlab,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStoneBrick_diorite
block:id=%veryStrongStoneBrickDoubleSlab,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStoneBrick_gabbro
block:id=%veryStrongStoneBrickDoubleSlab,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStoneBrick_hornfels
block:id=%veryStrongStoneBrickDoubleSlab,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStoneBrick_peridotite
block:id=%veryStrongStoneBrickDoubleSlab,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStoneBrick_quartzite
block:id=%veryStrongStoneBrickDoubleSlab,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStoneBrick_diorite
block:id=%veryStrongStoneBrickDoubleSlab,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStoneBrick_gabbro
block:id=%veryStrongStoneBrickDoubleSlab,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStoneBrick_hornfels
block:id=%veryStrongStoneBrickDoubleSlab,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStoneBrick_peridotite
block:id=%veryStrongStoneBrickDoubleSlab,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStoneBrick_quartzite

# %mediumStoneSlab:* (mediumStoneSlab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=org.pfaa.geologica.block.SlabBlock
block:id=%mediumStoneSlab,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStone_limestone
block:id=%mediumStoneSlab,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStone_schist
block:id=%mediumStoneSlab,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStone_serpentinite
block:id=%mediumStoneSlab,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStone_slate
block:id=%mediumStoneSlab,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStone_skarn
block:id=%mediumStoneSlab,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStone_limestone
block:id=%mediumStoneSlab,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStone_schist
block:id=%mediumStoneSlab,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStone_serpentinite
block:id=%mediumStoneSlab,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStone_slate
block:id=%mediumStoneSlab,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStone_skarn

# %mediumStoneDoubleSlab:* (mediumStoneDoubleSlab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=org.pfaa.geologica.block.SlabBlock
block:id=%mediumStoneDoubleSlab,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStone_limestone
block:id=%mediumStoneDoubleSlab,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStone_schist
block:id=%mediumStoneDoubleSlab,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStone_serpentinite
block:id=%mediumStoneDoubleSlab,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStone_slate
block:id=%mediumStoneDoubleSlab,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStone_skarn
block:id=%mediumStoneDoubleSlab,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStone_limestone
block:id=%mediumStoneDoubleSlab,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStone_schist
block:id=%mediumStoneDoubleSlab,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStone_serpentinite
block:id=%mediumStoneDoubleSlab,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStone_slate
block:id=%mediumStoneDoubleSlab,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStone_skarn

# %strongStoneSlab:* (strongStoneSlab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=org.pfaa.geologica.block.SlabBlock
block:id=%strongStoneSlab,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStone_andesite
block:id=%strongStoneSlab,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStone_basalt
block:id=%strongStoneSlab,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStone_gneiss
block:id=%strongStoneSlab,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStone_granite
block:id=%strongStoneSlab,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStone_greenschist
block:id=%strongStoneSlab,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStone_marble
block:id=%strongStoneSlab,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStone_pegmatite
block:id=%strongStoneSlab,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStone_rhyolite
block:id=%strongStoneSlab,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStone_andesite
block:id=%strongStoneSlab,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStone_basalt
block:id=%strongStoneSlab,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStone_gneiss
block:id=%strongStoneSlab,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStone_granite
block:id=%strongStoneSlab,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStone_greenschist
block:id=%strongStoneSlab,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStone_marble
block:id=%strongStoneSlab,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStone_pegmatite
block:id=%strongStoneSlab,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStone_rhyolite

# %strongStoneDoubleSlab:* (strongStoneDoubleSlab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=org.pfaa.geologica.block.SlabBlock
block:id=%strongStoneDoubleSlab,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStone_andesite
block:id=%strongStoneDoubleSlab,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStone_basalt
block:id=%strongStoneDoubleSlab,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStone_gneiss
block:id=%strongStoneDoubleSlab,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStone_granite
block:id=%strongStoneDoubleSlab,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStone_greenschist
block:id=%strongStoneDoubleSlab,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStone_marble
block:id=%strongStoneDoubleSlab,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStone_pegmatite
block:id=%strongStoneDoubleSlab,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStone_rhyolite
block:id=%strongStoneDoubleSlab,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStone_andesite
block:id=%strongStoneDoubleSlab,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStone_basalt
block:id=%strongStoneDoubleSlab,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStone_gneiss
block:id=%strongStoneDoubleSlab,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStone_granite
block:id=%strongStoneDoubleSlab,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStone_greenschist
block:id=%strongStoneDoubleSlab,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStone_marble
block:id=%strongStoneDoubleSlab,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStone_pegmatite
block:id=%strongStoneDoubleSlab,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStone_rhyolite

# %veryStrongStoneSlab:* (veryStrongStoneSlab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=org.pfaa.geologica.block.SlabBlock
block:id=%veryStrongStoneSlab,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStone_diorite
block:id=%veryStrongStoneSlab,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStone_gabbro
block:id=%veryStrongStoneSlab,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStone_hornfels
block:id=%veryStrongStoneSlab,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStone_peridotite
block:id=%veryStrongStoneSlab,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStone_quartzite
block:id=%veryStrongStoneSlab,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStone_diorite
block:id=%veryStrongStoneSlab,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStone_gabbro
block:id=%veryStrongStoneSlab,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStone_hornfels
block:id=%veryStrongStoneSlab,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStone_peridotite
block:id=%veryStrongStoneSlab,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStone_quartzite

# %veryStrongStoneDoubleSlab:* (veryStrongStoneDoubleSlab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=org.pfaa.geologica.block.SlabBlock
block:id=%veryStrongStoneDoubleSlab,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStone_diorite
block:id=%veryStrongStoneDoubleSlab,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStone_gabbro
block:id=%veryStrongStoneDoubleSlab,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStone_hornfels
block:id=%veryStrongStoneDoubleSlab,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStone_peridotite
block:id=%veryStrongStoneDoubleSlab,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStone_quartzite
block:id=%veryStrongStoneDoubleSlab,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStone_diorite
block:id=%veryStrongStoneDoubleSlab,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStone_gabbro
block:id=%veryStrongStoneDoubleSlab,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStone_hornfels
block:id=%veryStrongStoneDoubleSlab,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStone_peridotite
block:id=%veryStrongStoneDoubleSlab,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geologica/veryStrongStone_quartzite

# %mediumCobbleStairs.limestone:* (mediumCobbleStairs.limestone), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=org.pfaa.geologica.block.StairsBlock
block:id=%mediumCobbleStairs.limestone,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumCobble_limestone

# %strongCobbleStairs.granite:* (strongCobbleStairs.granite), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=org.pfaa.geologica.block.StairsBlock
block:id=%strongCobbleStairs.granite,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongCobble_granite

# %strongCobbleStairs.marble:* (strongCobbleStairs.marble), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=org.pfaa.geologica.block.StairsBlock
block:id=%strongCobbleStairs.marble,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongCobble_marble

# %mediumStoneBrickStairs.limestone:* (mediumStoneBrickStairs.limestone), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=org.pfaa.geologica.block.StairsBlock
block:id=%mediumStoneBrickStairs.limestone,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/mediumStoneBrick_limestone

# %strongStoneBrickStairs.granite:* (strongStoneBrickStairs.granite), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=org.pfaa.geologica.block.StairsBlock
block:id=%strongStoneBrickStairs.granite,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_granite

# %strongStoneBrickStairs.marble:* (strongStoneBrickStairs.marble), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=org.pfaa.geologica.block.StairsBlock
block:id=%strongStoneBrickStairs.marble,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geologica/strongStoneBrick_marble
