# PneumaticCraft 1.1.7
version:1.7
modname:PneumaticCraft


cfgfile:config/PneumaticCraft.cfg


texturepath:assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/
texture:id=minecraft/water_flow,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/water_flow.png
texture:id=minecraft/water_still,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/water_still.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/AerialInterfaceBottom,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/AerialInterfaceBottom.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/AerialInterfaceSide,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/AerialInterfaceSide.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/AerialInterfaceTop,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/AerialInterfaceTop.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/AphorismTile,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/AphorismTile.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/BlockPressureTube,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/BlockPressureTube.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/CompressedIronBlock,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/CompressedIronBlock.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/ElectrostaticCompressor,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/ElectrostaticCompressor.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/ElevatorCaller,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/ElevatorCaller.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/burstPlant0,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/burstPlant0.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/burstPlant1,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/burstPlant1.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/burstPlant2,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/burstPlant2.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/burstPlant3,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/burstPlant3.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/burstPlant4,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/burstPlant4.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/burstPlant5,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/burstPlant5.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/burstPlant6,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/burstPlant6.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/chopperPlant0,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/chopperPlant0.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/chopperPlant1,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/chopperPlant1.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/chopperPlant2,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/chopperPlant2.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/chopperPlant3,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/chopperPlant3.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/chopperPlant4,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/chopperPlant4.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/chopperPlant5,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/chopperPlant5.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/chopperPlant6,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/chopperPlant6.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/creeperPlant0,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/creeperPlant0.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/creeperPlant1,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/creeperPlant1.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/creeperPlant2,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/creeperPlant2.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/creeperPlant3,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/creeperPlant3.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/creeperPlant4,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/creeperPlant4.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/creeperPlant5,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/creeperPlant5.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/creeperPlant6,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/creeperPlant6.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/enderPlant0,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/enderPlant0.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/enderPlant1,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/enderPlant1.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/enderPlant2,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/enderPlant2.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/enderPlant3,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/enderPlant3.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/enderPlant4,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/enderPlant4.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/enderPlant5,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/enderPlant5.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/enderPlant6,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/enderPlant6.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/fireFlower0,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/fireFlower0.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/fireFlower1,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/fireFlower1.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/fireFlower2,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/fireFlower2.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/fireFlower3,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/fireFlower3.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/fireFlower4,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/fireFlower4.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/fireFlower5,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/fireFlower5.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/fireFlower6,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/fireFlower6.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/flyingFlower0,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/flyingFlower0.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/flyingFlower1,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/flyingFlower1.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/flyingFlower2,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/flyingFlower2.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/flyingFlower3,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/flyingFlower3.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/flyingFlower4,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/flyingFlower4.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/flyingFlower5,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/flyingFlower5.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/flyingFlower6,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/flyingFlower6.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/heliumPlant0,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/heliumPlant0.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/heliumPlant1,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/heliumPlant1.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/heliumPlant2,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/heliumPlant2.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/heliumPlant3,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/heliumPlant3.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/heliumPlant4,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/heliumPlant4.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/heliumPlant5,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/heliumPlant5.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/heliumPlant6,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/heliumPlant6.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/lightningPlant0,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/lightningPlant0.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/lightningPlant1,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/lightningPlant1.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/lightningPlant2,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/lightningPlant2.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/lightningPlant3,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/lightningPlant3.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/lightningPlant4,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/lightningPlant4.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/lightningPlant5,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/lightningPlant5.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/lightningPlant6,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/lightningPlant6.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/potionPlant0,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/potionPlant0.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/potionPlant1,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/potionPlant1.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/potionPlant2,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/potionPlant2.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/potionPlant3,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/potionPlant3.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/potionPlant4,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/potionPlant4.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/potionPlant5,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/potionPlant5.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/potionPlant6,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/potionPlant6.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/propulsionPlant0,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/propulsionPlant0.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/propulsionPlant1,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/propulsionPlant1.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/propulsionPlant2,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/propulsionPlant2.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/propulsionPlant3,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/propulsionPlant3.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/propulsionPlant4,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/propulsionPlant4.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/propulsionPlant5,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/propulsionPlant5.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/propulsionPlant6,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/propulsionPlant6.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/rainPlant0,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/rainPlant0.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/rainPlant1,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/rainPlant1.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/rainPlant2,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/rainPlant2.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/rainPlant3,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/rainPlant3.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/rainPlant4,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/rainPlant4.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/rainPlant5,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/rainPlant5.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/rainPlant6,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/rainPlant6.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/repulsionPlant0,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/repulsionPlant0.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/repulsionPlant1,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/repulsionPlant1.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/repulsionPlant2,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/repulsionPlant2.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/repulsionPlant3,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/repulsionPlant3.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/repulsionPlant4,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/repulsionPlant4.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/repulsionPlant5,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/repulsionPlant5.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/repulsionPlant6,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/repulsionPlant6.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/slimePlant0,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/slimePlant0.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/slimePlant1,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/slimePlant1.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/slimePlant2,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/slimePlant2.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/slimePlant3,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/slimePlant3.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/slimePlant4,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/slimePlant4.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/slimePlant5,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/slimePlant5.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/slimePlant6,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/slimePlant6.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/squidPlant0,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/squidPlant0.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/squidPlant1,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/squidPlant1.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/squidPlant2,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/squidPlant2.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/squidPlant3,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/squidPlant3.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/squidPlant4,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/squidPlant4.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/squidPlant5,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/squidPlant5.png
texture:id=pneumaticcraft/plants/squidPlant6,filename=assets/pneumaticcraft/textures/blocks/plants/squidPlant6.png



# %pressureTube:* (pressureTube), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=pneumaticCraft.common.block.BlockPressureTube
block:id=%pressureTube,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:pneumaticcraft/BlockPressureTube

# %airCompressor:* (airCompressor), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=pneumaticCraft.common.block.BlockAirCompressor
block:id=%airCompressor,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:pneumaticcraft/BlockPressureTube

# %airCannon:* (airCannon), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=pneumaticCraft.common.block.BlockAirCannon
block:id=%airCannon,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:pneumaticcraft/BlockPressureTube

# %pressureChamberWall:* (pressureChamberWall), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=pneumaticCraft.common.block.BlockPressureChamberWall
block:id=%pressureChamberWall,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:pneumaticcraft/BlockPressureTube

# %pressureChamberValve:* (pressureChamberValve), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=pneumaticCraft.common.block.BlockPressureChamberValve
block:id=%pressureChamberValve,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:pneumaticcraft/BlockPressureTube

# %slimePlant:* (slimePlant), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=pneumaticCraft.common.block.pneumaticPlants.BlockSlimePlant
block:id=%slimePlant,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/slimePlant0
block:id=%slimePlant,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/slimePlant1
block:id=%slimePlant,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/slimePlant2
block:id=%slimePlant,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/slimePlant3
block:id=%slimePlant,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/slimePlant4
block:id=%slimePlant,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/slimePlant5
block:id=%slimePlant,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/slimePlant6
block:id=%slimePlant,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/slimePlant0
block:id=%slimePlant,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/slimePlant1
block:id=%slimePlant,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/slimePlant2
block:id=%slimePlant,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/slimePlant3
block:id=%slimePlant,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/slimePlant4
block:id=%slimePlant,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/slimePlant5
block:id=%slimePlant,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/slimePlant6
block:id=%slimePlant,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/slimePlant1

# %creeperPlant:* (creeperPlant), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=pneumaticCraft.common.block.pneumaticPlants.BlockCreeperPlant
block:id=%creeperPlant,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/creeperPlant0
block:id=%creeperPlant,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/creeperPlant1
block:id=%creeperPlant,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/creeperPlant2
block:id=%creeperPlant,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/creeperPlant3
block:id=%creeperPlant,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/creeperPlant4
block:id=%creeperPlant,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/creeperPlant5
block:id=%creeperPlant,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/creeperPlant6
block:id=%creeperPlant,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/creeperPlant0
block:id=%creeperPlant,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/creeperPlant1
block:id=%creeperPlant,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/creeperPlant2
block:id=%creeperPlant,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/creeperPlant3
block:id=%creeperPlant,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/creeperPlant4
block:id=%creeperPlant,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/creeperPlant5
block:id=%creeperPlant,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/creeperPlant6
block:id=%creeperPlant,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/creeperPlant1

# %squidPlant:* (squidPlant), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=pneumaticCraft.common.block.pneumaticPlants.BlockSquidPlant
block:id=%squidPlant,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/squidPlant0
block:id=%squidPlant,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/squidPlant1
block:id=%squidPlant,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/squidPlant2
block:id=%squidPlant,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/squidPlant3
block:id=%squidPlant,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/squidPlant4
block:id=%squidPlant,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/squidPlant5
block:id=%squidPlant,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/squidPlant6
block:id=%squidPlant,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/squidPlant0
block:id=%squidPlant,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/squidPlant1
block:id=%squidPlant,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/squidPlant2
block:id=%squidPlant,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/squidPlant3
block:id=%squidPlant,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/squidPlant4
block:id=%squidPlant,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/squidPlant5
block:id=%squidPlant,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/squidPlant6
block:id=%squidPlant,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/squidPlant1

# %fireFlower:* (fireFlower), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=pneumaticCraft.common.block.pneumaticPlants.BlockFireFlower
block:id=%fireFlower,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/fireFlower0
block:id=%fireFlower,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/fireFlower1
block:id=%fireFlower,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/fireFlower2
block:id=%fireFlower,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/fireFlower3
block:id=%fireFlower,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/fireFlower4
block:id=%fireFlower,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/fireFlower5
block:id=%fireFlower,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/fireFlower6
block:id=%fireFlower,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/fireFlower0
block:id=%fireFlower,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/fireFlower1
block:id=%fireFlower,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/fireFlower2
block:id=%fireFlower,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/fireFlower3
block:id=%fireFlower,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/fireFlower4
block:id=%fireFlower,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/fireFlower5
block:id=%fireFlower,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/fireFlower6
block:id=%fireFlower,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/fireFlower1

# %rainPlant:* (rainPlant), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=pneumaticCraft.common.block.pneumaticPlants.BlockRainPlant
block:id=%rainPlant,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/rainPlant0
block:id=%rainPlant,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/rainPlant1
block:id=%rainPlant,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/rainPlant2
block:id=%rainPlant,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/rainPlant3
block:id=%rainPlant,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/rainPlant4
block:id=%rainPlant,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/rainPlant5
block:id=%rainPlant,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/rainPlant6
block:id=%rainPlant,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/rainPlant0
block:id=%rainPlant,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/rainPlant1
block:id=%rainPlant,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/rainPlant2
block:id=%rainPlant,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/rainPlant3
block:id=%rainPlant,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/rainPlant4
block:id=%rainPlant,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/rainPlant5
block:id=%rainPlant,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/rainPlant6
block:id=%rainPlant,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/rainPlant1

# %enderPlant:* (enderPlant), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=pneumaticCraft.common.block.pneumaticPlants.BlockEnderPlant
block:id=%enderPlant,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/enderPlant0
block:id=%enderPlant,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/enderPlant1
block:id=%enderPlant,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/enderPlant2
block:id=%enderPlant,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/enderPlant3
block:id=%enderPlant,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/enderPlant4
block:id=%enderPlant,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/enderPlant5
block:id=%enderPlant,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/enderPlant6
block:id=%enderPlant,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/enderPlant0
block:id=%enderPlant,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/enderPlant1
block:id=%enderPlant,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/enderPlant2
block:id=%enderPlant,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/enderPlant3
block:id=%enderPlant,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/enderPlant4
block:id=%enderPlant,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/enderPlant5
block:id=%enderPlant,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/enderPlant6
block:id=%enderPlant,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/enderPlant1

# %lightningPlant:* (lightningPlant), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=pneumaticCraft.common.block.pneumaticPlants.BlockLightningPlant
block:id=%lightningPlant,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/lightningPlant0
block:id=%lightningPlant,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/lightningPlant1
block:id=%lightningPlant,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/lightningPlant2
block:id=%lightningPlant,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/lightningPlant3
block:id=%lightningPlant,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/lightningPlant4
block:id=%lightningPlant,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/lightningPlant5
block:id=%lightningPlant,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/lightningPlant6
block:id=%lightningPlant,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/lightningPlant0
block:id=%lightningPlant,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/lightningPlant1
block:id=%lightningPlant,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/lightningPlant2
block:id=%lightningPlant,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/lightningPlant3
block:id=%lightningPlant,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/lightningPlant4
block:id=%lightningPlant,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/lightningPlant5
block:id=%lightningPlant,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/lightningPlant6
block:id=%lightningPlant,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/lightningPlant1

# %burstPlant:* (burstPlant), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=pneumaticCraft.common.block.pneumaticPlants.BlockBurstPlant
block:id=%burstPlant,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/burstPlant0
block:id=%burstPlant,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/burstPlant1
block:id=%burstPlant,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/burstPlant2
block:id=%burstPlant,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/burstPlant3
block:id=%burstPlant,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/burstPlant4
block:id=%burstPlant,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/burstPlant5
block:id=%burstPlant,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/burstPlant6
block:id=%burstPlant,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/burstPlant0
block:id=%burstPlant,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/burstPlant1
block:id=%burstPlant,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/burstPlant2
block:id=%burstPlant,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/burstPlant3
block:id=%burstPlant,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/burstPlant4
block:id=%burstPlant,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/burstPlant5
block:id=%burstPlant,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/burstPlant6
block:id=%burstPlant,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/burstPlant1

# %potionPlant:* (potionPlant), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=pneumaticCraft.common.block.pneumaticPlants.BlockPotionPlant
block:id=%potionPlant,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/potionPlant0
block:id=%potionPlant,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/potionPlant1
block:id=%potionPlant,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/potionPlant2
block:id=%potionPlant,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/potionPlant3
block:id=%potionPlant,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/potionPlant4
block:id=%potionPlant,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/potionPlant5
block:id=%potionPlant,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/potionPlant6
block:id=%potionPlant,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/potionPlant0
block:id=%potionPlant,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/potionPlant1
block:id=%potionPlant,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/potionPlant2
block:id=%potionPlant,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/potionPlant3
block:id=%potionPlant,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/potionPlant4
block:id=%potionPlant,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/potionPlant5
block:id=%potionPlant,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/potionPlant6
block:id=%potionPlant,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/potionPlant1

# %heliumPlant:* (heliumPlant), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=pneumaticCraft.common.block.pneumaticPlants.BlockHeliumPlant
block:id=%heliumPlant,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/heliumPlant0
block:id=%heliumPlant,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/heliumPlant1
block:id=%heliumPlant,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/heliumPlant2
block:id=%heliumPlant,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/heliumPlant3
block:id=%heliumPlant,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/heliumPlant4
block:id=%heliumPlant,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/heliumPlant5
block:id=%heliumPlant,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/heliumPlant6
block:id=%heliumPlant,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/heliumPlant0
block:id=%heliumPlant,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/heliumPlant1
block:id=%heliumPlant,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/heliumPlant2
block:id=%heliumPlant,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/heliumPlant3
block:id=%heliumPlant,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/heliumPlant4
block:id=%heliumPlant,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/heliumPlant5
block:id=%heliumPlant,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/heliumPlant6
block:id=%heliumPlant,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/heliumPlant1

# %propulsionPlant:* (propulsionPlant), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=pneumaticCraft.common.block.pneumaticPlants.BlockPropulsionPlant
block:id=%propulsionPlant,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/propulsionPlant0
block:id=%propulsionPlant,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/propulsionPlant1
block:id=%propulsionPlant,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/propulsionPlant2
block:id=%propulsionPlant,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/propulsionPlant3
block:id=%propulsionPlant,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/propulsionPlant4
block:id=%propulsionPlant,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/propulsionPlant5
block:id=%propulsionPlant,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/propulsionPlant6
block:id=%propulsionPlant,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/propulsionPlant0
block:id=%propulsionPlant,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/propulsionPlant1
block:id=%propulsionPlant,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/propulsionPlant2
block:id=%propulsionPlant,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/propulsionPlant3
block:id=%propulsionPlant,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/propulsionPlant4
block:id=%propulsionPlant,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/propulsionPlant5
block:id=%propulsionPlant,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/propulsionPlant6
block:id=%propulsionPlant,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/propulsionPlant1

# %repulsionPlant:* (repulsionPlant), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=pneumaticCraft.common.block.pneumaticPlants.BlockRepulsionPlant
block:id=%repulsionPlant,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/repulsionPlant0
block:id=%repulsionPlant,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/repulsionPlant1
block:id=%repulsionPlant,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/repulsionPlant2
block:id=%repulsionPlant,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/repulsionPlant3
block:id=%repulsionPlant,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/repulsionPlant4
block:id=%repulsionPlant,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/repulsionPlant5
block:id=%repulsionPlant,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/repulsionPlant6
block:id=%repulsionPlant,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/repulsionPlant0
block:id=%repulsionPlant,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/repulsionPlant1
block:id=%repulsionPlant,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/repulsionPlant2
block:id=%repulsionPlant,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/repulsionPlant3
block:id=%repulsionPlant,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/repulsionPlant4
block:id=%repulsionPlant,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/repulsionPlant5
block:id=%repulsionPlant,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/repulsionPlant6
block:id=%repulsionPlant,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/repulsionPlant1

# %flyingFlower:* (flyingFlower), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=pneumaticCraft.common.block.pneumaticPlants.BlockFlyingFlower
block:id=%flyingFlower,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/flyingFlower0
block:id=%flyingFlower,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/flyingFlower1
block:id=%flyingFlower,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/flyingFlower2
block:id=%flyingFlower,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/flyingFlower3
block:id=%flyingFlower,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/flyingFlower4
block:id=%flyingFlower,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/flyingFlower5
block:id=%flyingFlower,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/flyingFlower6
block:id=%flyingFlower,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/flyingFlower0
block:id=%flyingFlower,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/flyingFlower1
block:id=%flyingFlower,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/flyingFlower2
block:id=%flyingFlower,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/flyingFlower3
block:id=%flyingFlower,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/flyingFlower4
block:id=%flyingFlower,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/flyingFlower5
block:id=%flyingFlower,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/flyingFlower6
block:id=%flyingFlower,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/flyingFlower1

# %chopperPlant:* (chopperPlant), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=pneumaticCraft.common.block.pneumaticPlants.BlockChopperPlant
block:id=%chopperPlant,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/chopperPlant0
block:id=%chopperPlant,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/chopperPlant1
block:id=%chopperPlant,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/chopperPlant2
block:id=%chopperPlant,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/chopperPlant3
block:id=%chopperPlant,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/chopperPlant4
block:id=%chopperPlant,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/chopperPlant5
block:id=%chopperPlant,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/chopperPlant6
block:id=%chopperPlant,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/chopperPlant0
block:id=%chopperPlant,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/chopperPlant1
block:id=%chopperPlant,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/chopperPlant2
block:id=%chopperPlant,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/chopperPlant3
block:id=%chopperPlant,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/chopperPlant4
block:id=%chopperPlant,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/chopperPlant5
block:id=%chopperPlant,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/chopperPlant6
block:id=%chopperPlant,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:pneumaticcraft/plants/chopperPlant1

# %chargingStation:* (chargingStation), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=pneumaticCraft.common.block.BlockChargingStation
block:id=%chargingStation,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:pneumaticcraft/BlockPressureTube

# %elevatorBase:* (elevatorBase), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=pneumaticCraft.common.block.BlockElevatorBase
block:id=%elevatorBase,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:pneumaticcraft/BlockPressureTube

# %elevatorFrame:* (elevatorFrame), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=pneumaticCraft.common.block.BlockElevatorFrame
block:id=%elevatorFrame,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:pneumaticcraft/BlockPressureTube

# %pressureChamberInterface:* (pressureChamberInterface), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=pneumaticCraft.common.block.BlockPressureChamberInterface
block:id=%pressureChamberInterface,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:pneumaticcraft/BlockPressureTube

# %vacuumPump:* (vacuumPump), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=pneumaticCraft.common.block.BlockVacuumPump
block:id=%vacuumPump,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:pneumaticcraft/BlockPressureTube

# %pneumaticDoorBase:* (pneumaticDoorBase), render=pneumaticCraft.client.render.block.RenderPneumaticDoorCamo(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=pneumaticCraft.common.block.BlockPneumaticDoorBase
block:id=%pneumaticDoorBase,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:pneumaticcraft/BlockPressureTube

# %pneumaticDoor:* (pneumaticDoor), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=pneumaticCraft.common.block.BlockPneumaticDoor
block:id=%pneumaticDoor,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:pneumaticcraft/BlockPressureTube

# %assemblyIOUnit:* (assemblyIOUnit), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=pneumaticCraft.common.block.BlockAssemblyIOUnit
block:id=%assemblyIOUnit,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:pneumaticcraft/BlockPressureTube

# %assemblyPlatform:* (assemblyPlatform), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=pneumaticCraft.common.block.BlockAssemblyPlatform
block:id=%assemblyPlatform,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:pneumaticcraft/BlockPressureTube

# %assemblyDrill:* (assemblyDrill), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=pneumaticCraft.common.block.BlockAssemblyDrill
block:id=%assemblyDrill,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:pneumaticcraft/BlockPressureTube

# %assemblyLaser:* (assemblyLaser), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=pneumaticCraft.common.block.BlockAssemblyLaser
block:id=%assemblyLaser,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:pneumaticcraft/BlockPressureTube

# %assemblyController:* (assemblyController), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=pneumaticCraft.common.block.BlockAssemblyController
block:id=%assemblyController,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:pneumaticcraft/BlockPressureTube

# %advancedPressureTube:* (advancedPressureTube), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=pneumaticCraft.common.block.BlockAdvancedPressureTube
block:id=%advancedPressureTube,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:pneumaticcraft/BlockPressureTube

# %compressedIronBlock:* (compressedIronBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=pneumaticCraft.common.block.Blockss$HelperBlock
block:id=%compressedIronBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:pneumaticcraft/CompressedIronBlock

# %uvLightBox:* (uvLightBox), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=pneumaticCraft.common.block.BlockUVLightBox
block:id=%uvLightBox,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:pneumaticcraft/BlockPressureTube

# %etchingAcid:* (etchingAcid), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=pneumaticCraft.common.block.BlockFluidEtchingAcid
block:id=%etchingAcid,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:minecraft/water_still,face2-5=12000:minecraft/water_flow

# %securityStation:* (securityStation), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=pneumaticCraft.common.block.BlockSecurityStation
block:id=%securityStation,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:pneumaticcraft/BlockPressureTube

# %universalSensor:* (universalSensor), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=pneumaticCraft.common.block.BlockUniversalSensor
block:id=%universalSensor,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:pneumaticcraft/BlockPressureTube

# %aerialInterface:* (aerialInterface), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=pneumaticCraft.common.block.BlockAerialInterface
block:id=%aerialInterface,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:pneumaticcraft/AerialInterfaceBottom,face1=0:pneumaticcraft/AerialInterfaceTop,face2-5=0:pneumaticcraft/AerialInterfaceSide

# %electrostaticCompressor:* (electrostaticCompressor), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=pneumaticCraft.common.block.BlockElectrostaticCompressor
block:id=%electrostaticCompressor,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:pneumaticcraft/ElectrostaticCompressor

# %aphorismTile:* (aphorismTile), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=pneumaticCraft.common.block.BlockAphorismTile
block:id=%aphorismTile,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:pneumaticcraft/AphorismTile
block:id=%aphorismTile,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:pneumaticcraft/AphorismTile

# %omnidirectionalHopper:* (omnidirectionalHopper), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=pneumaticCraft.common.block.BlockOmnidirectionalHopper
block:id=%omnidirectionalHopper,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:pneumaticcraft/BlockPressureTube

# %elevatorCaller:* (elevatorCaller), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=pneumaticCraft.common.block.BlockElevatorCaller
block:id=%elevatorCaller,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:pneumaticcraft/ElevatorCaller

# %programmer:* (programmer), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=pneumaticCraft.common.block.BlockProgrammer
block:id=%programmer,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:pneumaticcraft/BlockPressureTube

# %pneumaticEngine:* (pneumaticEngine), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=pneumaticCraft.common.thirdparty.buildcraft.BlockPneumaticEngine
block:id=%pneumaticEngine,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:pneumaticcraft/BlockPressureTube

# %kineticCompressor:* (kineticCompressor), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=pneumaticCraft.common.thirdparty.buildcraft.BlockKineticCompressor
block:id=%kineticCompressor,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:pneumaticcraft/BlockPressureTube
